n=ABC in the D Wayne state University's Children Club
e=abcinthed@gmail.com
d=This organization is group of Wayne State students determined to give back to the Detroit Community during this time using education. Wayne State Students will offer free sessions of online tutoring sessions to the children of Detroit families. The students are excelled in multiple subjects such as Biology, Chemistry, Math, English,Social Studies and a variety of other subjects. We will work with Children for an hour a week to make sure they are not falling behind if their parents are struggling to help their children achieve their educational needs at this very tough time. Our organization will be using zoom to communicate with the families and make sure they are on their way to success. Each Tutor will have their own schedule of their availability of when they are available for elementary and middle school children to sign up for.  If interested in tutoring, Sign up in our tutor application form!
n=Academic Senate
e=ab6929@wayne.edu
d=The Academic Senate is the instrumentality by which the faculties of the University can express to the President of the University and the Board of Governors their considered opinion and judgment upon matters of educational policy affecting the University community. The Senate is comprised of six members at large elected by the University academic community. In addition, all schools and colleges, the University Library System, and the Division of Academic Affairs elect their own representatives to the Senate in proportion to the number of full-time positions in these units.  The Academic Senate currently consists of 84 members.
n=Academic Staff Steering Committee
e=et8979@wayne.edu
d=The purpose of the Academic Staff Steering Committee (ASSC) is to promote the interests of higher education and to advance standards, ideals and welfare of the academic staff of Wayne State University. All Academic Staff who are members of the AAUP-AFT at Wayne State University are members of the ASSC. The leadership of the ASSC is elected annually by the academic staff who are members of the AAUP-AFT.
n=Academy of Managed Care Pharmacy-Wayne State University
e=fo9607@wayne.edu
d=
n=Adult-ing Experience Committee
e=dwight.mcdonald@wayne.edu
d=
n=Adventist Campus Faith
e=Gv6624@wayne.edu
d=1.Glorify God and advance the Kingdom of God by lifting up the full message of a loving God—including His Ten Commandment law with its reminder of the seventh-day Sabbath—who has been most fully revealed in the ministry, sacrifice, and resurrection of Jesus Christ. 2.Live and exemplify a consecrated Christian life as God’s stewards in concert with the Word of God and counsel of the Spirit of Prophecy. Lead people to accept Jesus as their Lord and personal Savior and to unite with His church in fellowship. Conduct in-depth studies of the Holy Scriptures and provide wholesome Bible-based and Christ-centered programs, activities, and services. 5.Prepare others for the Second Coming of Jesus Christ by the growth of a mature understanding of and relationship with God developed through worship, Bible study, fellowship, discipleship, friendship, outreach, and missions. 6.Meet the social, emotional, and spiritual needs of the students and faculty of the Michigan Technological University campus who are affiliated with the Seventh-day Adventist church.
n=Aesculapians Honor Society
e=Aesculapians@gmail.com
d=We are an honor service organization at Wayne State University School of Medicine consisting of medical students who passionately serve Detroiters through volunteer events and charity fundraisers. We love Detroit.
n=African American Psychology Student Organization
e=aapso@wayne.edu
d=African American Psychology Student Organization (AAPSO) seeks to provide resources to encourage the success of Wayne State University’s diverse psychology student population. Through academics, networking, social and community engagement, AAPSO members learn, discuss and tackle the pressing psychological issues that impact ethnic communities, in particular the African American community. AAPSO strives to promote academic excellence among WSU undergraduate and graduate students. Members of AAPSO are affiliated with the Association of Black Psychologists, National Latina/o Psychological Association, Asian American Psychological Association and/or the Society of Indian Psychologists. Through providing a platform for discussion, AAPSO members are encouraged to be engaged with the progression of society through informational discussions, academics, community service and interpersonal relationships.
n=Agency M - 1
e=agencym1@wayne.edu
d=Our Mission: Connect the Detroit, Michigan area business communities with the students at the Mike Ilitch School of Business at Wayne State University by establishing social links, economic ties, technological advantages, and real-world clients. This hands-on approach to learning accelerates the application of skills, improves education, and provides practical experience while strengthening ties between Wayne State and the community. Click here to learn more.  
n=Albanian American Student Organization
e=fv0477@wayne.edu
d=The AASO at Wayne State began in November of 1998. The manner in which it began was a humble one. It was simply a desire to bring Albanians together on a campus where I knew several existed. Our first meeting had six individuals I believe. Prior to the meeting I registered the organization with the school, and completed our constitution which was required for registration. I then used my crude art skills and painted an Albanian Eagle on a banner with a date and time for a future meeting of the Albanian American Student Organization. The 6 people referenced above showed up. Soon after, the Kosova Crisis began. Our numbers grew quickly. The rest is history. - Gjon Juncaj WSU AASO Founder
n=Alpha Epsilon Phi
e=multacorda@gmail.com
d=The mission of Alpha Epsilon Phi Sorority is to inspire and support exemplary women dedicated to friendship and a lifelong commitment to Alpha Epsilon Phi while building on the vision of our Jewish founders. Individual aspirations combined with the common goals of AEPhi are ultimately expressed in our open motto: Multa Corda, Una Causa Many Hearts, One Purpose
n=Alpha Gamma Delta
e=alphapi@alphagammadelta.org
d=Alpha Gamma Delta is an international women's fraternity that exists to provide opportunities for personal development through the spirit of sisterhood. We are one of the National Panhellenic Conference sororities that are on campus. If you are interested in joining, please contact the representative listed or visit us online.
n=Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Incorporated Beta Mu Chapter
e=akabetamu@gmail.com
d=Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Incorporated® was founded January 15, 1908, on the campus of Howard University in Washington, D.C. The sorority was founded on a mission comprised of five basic tenets that have remained unchanged since the sorority’s inception more than a century ago. Alpha Kappa Alpha’s mission is to cultivate and encourage high scholastic and ethical standards, to promote unity and friendship among college women, to study and help alleviate problems concerning girls and women in order to improve their social stature, to maintain a progressive interest in college life, and to be of “Service to All Mankind". Incorporated January 29, 1913, the sorority currently has over 75,000 active members of 1,021 chapters and nearly 300,000 members initiated worldwide. Colors: Salmon pink and apple green. Motto: By culture and by merit.
n=Alpha Kappa Psi
e=akpsiwsu@wayne.edu
d=In 1904, Alpha Kappa Psi was founded on the principles of educating its members and the public to appreciate and demand higher ideals in business and to further the individual welfare of members during college and beyond. College men and women everywhere are discovering that Alpha Kappa Psi is much more than just an organization or club, it is a brotherhood!
n=Alpha Omega Alpha
e=fg8427@wayne.edu
d=
n=Alpha Sigma Phi
e=alphasigmaphiwsu@gmail.com
d=Alpha Sigma Phi Fraternity was founded on December 6, 1845 at Yale University by Brothers Louis Manigault, Stephen Ormsby Rhea, and Horace Spangler Weiser. Alpha Sigma Phi's presence at Wayne State University begins with the founding of Wayne University in 1934 Beta Tau went inactive in 1972, when all of the members graduated without recruiting any replacements.The rebirth of Beta Tau began in 2009, when with the invitation of Wayne State, Alpha Sigma Phi came to campus to recruit members for a colonization effort. On September 24, 2009 Beta Tau Chapter was established. On November 20, 2010, Beta Tau Chapter was re-chartered. As a chapter of Alpha Sigma Phi, Beta Tau's purpose is to enact that mission on the campus of Wayne State University. The Brothers of Beta Tau Chapter live by the five values and become, as stated in the chapter motto: Men of Honor, Men of Class, and Men of Stature. The second part of Beta Tau's mission to create a lasting brotherhood on the campus of Wayne State University. The Brothers of Beta Tau Chapter want to create a brotherhood of the highest caliber, to have a permanent place of honor and charity on the campus of Wayne State University, and to better the surrounding community of Detroit.
n=Alternative Spring Break Detroit
e=bshamoun@wayne.edu
d=Applications for ASBD 2021 are now closed.  --- During a regular ASBD program, we will use a variety of experiences to better understand and enjoy our own backyard. Though volunteering is the essential backbone of the ASBD experience, we will also provide you with the opportunity to learn about Detroit (past and present), dine at various restaurants throughout the city, visit local art galleries and cultural hot spots, as well as get to know how movers and shakers of non-profit organizations, local government, WSU, urban businesses and the art community are playing a starring role in city revitalization.
n=American Association of Physicians of Indian Origin SoM
e=aapi.wsusom@gmail.com
d=AAPI is a forum for medical students that addresses pertinent issues in medicine and provides academic opportunities for current and future medical students. We are focused on bringing awareness of Indian culture in the context of the medical field. All medical students are welcome.
n=American College of Clinical Pharmacy - Student College of Clinical Pharmacy
e=fp3748@wayne.edu
d=The purpose of ACCP-SCCP is to orient students to the practice of clinical pharmacy by: Providing information to students about careers and opportunities within the field of clinical pharmacy. Promoting dedication to excellence in patient care, research, and education. Encouraging skill development necessary to function within an interdisciplinary team. Advocating the role of clinical pharmacists within healthcare. Encouraging participation in the American College of Clinical Pharmacy at the national level and/or the local/regional chapters.
n=American Institute of Chemical Engineers
e=aichewsu1@gmail.com
d=The Wayne State University Chapter of AIChE is committed to promoting vital relationships within the chemical engineering profession by developing strong relationships between professors, fellow chemical engineering students and alumni throughout the chemical engineering industry. The primary goal of AIChE is to cultivate a community of dedicated students looking to grow as professionals. AIChE is designed to give students unfamiliar with the chemical engineering profession a chance to explore possibilities in the field, and all members are given opportunities to go on company tours, attend resume/interview workshops, and partake in industry panels.
n=American Medical Association - Medical Student Section of Wayne State University School of Medicine
e=wsusom.ama@gmail.com
d=
n=American Medical Student Association Premedical Chapter
e=wsuamsa@gmail.com
d=AMSA is a student governed undergraduate organization at Wayne State representing aspiring medical students and physicians. We strive to provide members with unique volunteering opportunities and first-hand patient care experience, to offer information and advice on applying to medical school, to facilitate contact with the Wayne State School of Medicine, and to create a fun environment in which they can meet with fellow pre-med students. We understand the complexities intertwined in the life of a pre-medical student and hope to guide each and every one of you. We hope to provide experiences unique to our organization as well as leaving a positive impact on campus.
n=American Medical Women's Association - Pre-med Chapter
e=amwa.wsu@gmail.com
d=The American Medical Women’s Association is an organization which functions at the local, national, and international level to advance women in medicine and improve women’s health. We achieve this by providing and developing leadership, advocacy, education, expertise, mentoring, and strategic alliances.
n=American Medical Women's Association - Wayne State University School of Medicine
e=zaina.khoury@med.wayne.edu
d=The American Medical Women's Association is an organization which functions at the local, national, and international level to advance women in medicine and improve women's health. We achieve this by providing and developing leadership, advocacy, education, expertise, mentoring, and through building strategic alliances.
n=American Pharmacists Association Academy of Student Pharmacists
e=wayne.state.asp@gmail.com
d=The mission of the APhA Academy of Student Pharmacists (APhA-ASP) is to be the collective voice of student pharmacists, to provide opportunities for professional growth, to improve patient care, and to envision and advance the future of pharmacy. APhA-ASP has opportunities for student pharmacists to become involved through patient care projects, community outreach, international organizations, career programming, professional development and more.
n=American Society of Civil Engineers
e=asce.wsudetroit@gmail.com
d=Welcome to the American Society of Civil Engineers Wayne State chapter. As engineering students, you will face many challenges on the path to graduation and ASCE Wayne is here to provide numerous events and resources to help. We provide a network of fellow college students and alumni, who are practicing engineers, to help you to grow and define your path after graduation. We offer many options for student engineers to build their knowledge through a variety of events, partnering with other student organizations when possible. Social events, company tours, professional guest speakers and volunteering have been some of the activities we plan for you, but we are consistently working to provide more. Members can also join the ASCE Concrete Canoe Team. While open to all students, this is an excellent project for civil engineers to work together and apply classroom studies to real-life situations. 
n=American Society of Mechanical Engineers
e=waynestateasme@gmail.com
d=ASME helps the global engineering community develop solutions to real world challenges. Founded in 1880 as the American Society of Mechanical Engineers, ASME is a not-for-profit professional organization that enables collaboration, knowledge sharing and skill development across all engineering disciplines, while promoting the vital role of the engineer in society. ASME codes and standards, publications, conferences, continuing education and professional development programs provide a foundation for advancing technical knowledge and a safer world.
n=AmeriCorps & Students for Public Safety and Outreach
e=lisa.carter3@wayne.edu
d=The purpose of this organization is to promote safety and community service participation on WSU campus and the Detroit area as a whole by serving as an example for others to follow. We strive to reduce incidences of crime on campus and the Wayne State University area. Volunteer for the Detroit community. Maintain a partnership with the AmeriCorps Urban Safety Project.
n=AmeriCorps Community Training for Overdose Rescue
e=gz8682@wayne.edu
d=ACT is a program of the Strategies and Tools for Overdose Prevention (STOP) unit at the Center for Urban Studies, which aims to stop overdose deaths and other harm related to opioids. ACT serves throughout the tri-county area to educate and train community members how to respond to an overdose emergency.   
n=Anthropology Graduate Student Organization
e=ay2819@wayne.edu
d=The Anthropology Graduate Student Organization is dedicated to providing graduate students with the community and resources needed to be successful in their degrees. We have representation at faculty, curriculum, and graduate committee meetings to ensure that students have a voice in the decision making processes that effect us during our time at this institution. We also provide students with professional development opportunities such as at our annual four-field graduate conference Transformations.
n=Applied Discussions in Medical Ethics
e=kellymr@med.wayne.edu
d=Through ethics committee shadowing opportunities with local hospitals, monthly Socratic debate meetings, and a monthly podcast series centered around medical ethics topics and featuring physician guests, ADIME can help to fill the current gap in early medical ethics exposure and satisfy the desire for students to hone their skills in expressing their concerns in the field of medicine.
n=Arab American Pharmacist Association
e=rola.hariri@wayne.edu
d=The Arab American Pharmacist Association is a community-oriented, non-profit organization based in Dearborn. The organization holds various events throughout the semester, consisting of fundraisers, community 77924 opportunities, and educational events. Any money raised is donated directly to a charity or underserved clinic or community. All pre-pharmacy and pharmacy students are encouraged to participate.
n=Armenian Folk Dance Club
e=gf7785@wayne.edu
d=Armenian folk dance is a great form of exercise and in my biased opinion, one of the best study breaks. We hope to share this great dance form with others!
n=Armenian Students’ Cultural Association
e=fx5482@wayne.edu
d=Wayne State University’s Armenian Students’ Cultural Association (ASCA) is an up-and-coming student organization looking to serve the Armenian student body and local community. The ASCA is a forum for those of Armenian descent or those interested in Armenia/Armenian culture and history. As well as, for the Armenian people to come together for social, cultural, and charitable activities. The club is involved with many events such as education on Armenian history and culture, informal social gatherings, Armenian-related lectures, and an assortment of benevolent activities including virtual fundraisers and advocacy. 
n=Art in Medicine
e=gg0612@wayne.edu
d=Art in Medicine is a Student Organization Made of Wayne State School of Medicine Students. The purpose of this organization is:   (1) To Facilitate the creative thinking skills crucial to our careers as future physicians (2) To provide a creative outlet for students that enjoy artistic endeavors (3) To improve the aesthetic aspect of our medical school   As displayed by one of the orientation week events over at the DIA, learning to understand and approach problems from many different angles is of paramount importance in our future careers when it comes to working with a team in the clinical setting to solve complex clinical cases. We hope that our student group events and activities will allow students to develop these skills and to provide stress relief from the taxing efforts of our studies.    We aim to enhance the quality of life of students by providing an outlet and materials to get the creative side of the brain active with our activities that we have outlined below. Lastly, our student group has significant plans to improve the beauty of our medical school.   This organization was previously under the name of “Student Art Gallery Committee”. The sole responsibility of this group was to plan out and set up the gallery on the 3rd floor of Mazurek Education Commons outside of the computer labs. This remains a responsibility of this group, with additional plans outlined below for further beautification of our school that will lead to an improved stress relieving environment for students, faculty, staff, and prospective students visiting the School of Medicine. Locations to be targeted for beautification include; second floor of Scott Hall outside blank walls, MD labs, and parking structure stairwells. The beautification endeavors will be facilitated by the Art in Medicine student group but will involve the greater medical student body participation.   We welcome all Medical School Students to our events, and hold Yearly Medical School-wide elections to re-invigorate our organization. 
n=Asian Pacific American Law Students Association
e=apalsaatwayne@gmail.com
d=An organization to connect Asian Pacific American law students and allies at Wayne Law. Offers networking, mentorship, and the opportunity to bring community outreach and substantive panels/discussions to campus.
n=Asian Pacific American Medical Student Association
e=wsusom.apamsa@gmail.com
d=The Asian Pacific American Medical Students Association (APAMSA) is a national organization of medical and pre-medical students committed to addressing the unique health challenges of Asian and Pacific Islander American (APIA) communities. One part of our mission is to bring together Asians, Pacific Islanders, and others interested in the health issues that affect Asians and Pacific Islanders so that we may have a strong, collective, public and political voice. We are interested in both directly promoting the health and well-being of the Asian and Pacific Islander community as well as in helping all health care workers who work with these communities understand how to care for the Asian and Pacific Islander patient in a culturally sensitive manner. Finally, APAMSA provides an important forum for Asian medical students to meet, exchange information and experiences and develop personally and professionally.
n=Association of Black Social Workers
e=waynesuabsw@nabsw.org
d=The Association of Black Social Workers at Wayne State (ABSW) seeks to create a sacred space for Black social workers to convene, network, and be of support to one another. We strive to learn how to promote social justice, activism, and culturally competent service within our practice and our community. We are committed to establishing a practice that enhances the quality of life and empowering those who are vulnerable and oppressed through advocacy, social service, and research.
n=Association of Latino Professionals For America, Wayne State University Chapter
e=fv9426@wayne.edu
d=ALPFA develops the next generation of Latino professionals via experiential leadership development and mentoring from senior corporate executives, whom we empower into the C-suite and onto corporate boards. ALPFA is also a proven growth accelerator for Latino entrepreneurs, helping them to build networks, access capital, and scale much more rapidly by opening the door to significant business opportunities with our more than 200 Fortune 1000 partners.
n=Athletics
e=athletics@wayne.edu
d=Wayne State University believes that intercollegiate athletics are an important and wholesome adjunct to the principal purposes of the University:  (1) the advancement of knowledge through research and investigation; and (2) the dissemination of knowledge through teaching.  To that end, participants in intercollegiate athletics must be, first and foremost, students whose fundamental aim is to obtain a sound education.  A major mission of the University is to achieve an increasing level of excellence in the quality of its programs and to enhance the visibility and recognition of the University as a whole.  Students who participate in intercollegiate athletics are directly involved in the implementation of this mission of excellence, and by such participation, provide a unifying objective of community and University.  Wayne State University believes that a well-balanced program in intercollegiate sports is important so long as it remains in proper focus as an ancillary of the real purposes of the University; so long as it remains under academic control; so long as the players are bona fide students; and so long as the coaches strive to instill qualities of honesty, sportsmanship and clean play.
n=Auntie Na's Student Organization
e=anso.wsusom@gmail.com
d=ANSO is a proud partner of Auntie Na's Village, a community development organization in the Nardin Park neighborhood of west Detroit. Together, we address social determinants of health and raise awareness of racial health disparities. 
n=Bagels for Homeless Club
e=gp6985@wayne.edu
d=Providing bagels to homeless individuals around Detroit and our community. 
n=Balkan student organization
e=nrmarinescu@gmail.com
d=I want to start this organization with Morena Tinaj, as co-presidents. I am Romanian and Morena is Albanian. We united over being Balkan and came up with this unique idea of uniting others who are also from the Balkan region and want a community to be apart of. I have learned a lot about Morena's culture and I am curious about other cultures' backgrounds! Morena Tinaj- gb8276@wayne.edu Nicholas Marinescu- nrmarinescu@gmail.com
n=Bangladeshi Student Association
e=BSA@wayne.edu
d=Bangladeshi Student Association (BSA) is a student organization at Wayne State University that constantly strives to represent the Bangladeshi Student Community in a unique way. By the various events, BSA promotes Bangladeshi Culture and Tradition to the students on campus. All the events we organize are based on Bengali culture and aim to raise awareness of our beautiful country. Our main attractions are Bijoy Dibosh (Victory Day), Ekushey February (International Mother Language Day), Pohela Boishakh (Bengali New Year), and Shadinota Dibosh (Independence Day). The Bangladeshi Culture Night is another huge event includes performance of students, giveaways, foods, and much more. If you are a member of BSA, then you can expect some extra fun by attending the member-based events, like Movie Night, Bangladesh Night etc. If you would like to be a part of our fun student group, please contact us through email or social media, and feel free to drop by our next general body meeting and get to know everyone!
n=Be Active
e=gg9781@wayne.edu
d=Be Active members will perform acts of service through volunteering at senior homes, organizing food drives, and community cleanups. Be Active members will serve at their local community schools through engaging with students. We plan to mentor and motivate elementary and middle school students to be more active in their communities and evolve into young leaders. 
n=Bee Plus
e=gg9970@wayne.edu
d=Bee Plus Detroit is a nonprofit organization that fosters education on the importance of bees within the community and their impact on the public health of Detroit. We build urban bee farms with recycled materials to prevent the diminishing bee populations in the city. Through these efforts, we will help increase food security by promoting agricultural growth and biodiversity.
n=Best Buddies Chapter at Wayne State University
e=bestbuddieswsu@gmail.com
d=Best Buddies International is a nonprofit 501 organization. It consists of volunteers that create friendship opportunities for people with intellectual and developmental disabilities.It is a organization dedicated to establishing a global volunteer movement that creates opportunities for one-to-one friendships, integrated employment, leadership development, and inclusive living for individuals with intellectual and developmental disabilities (IDD).We have monthly events such as bowling, putt putt, zoo visits, etc. We match our member with buddies to create one to one friendships or you can be a general member and not be paired with one of our buddies from our matched school. Best Buddies is a fun way to get involved on campus and in the community and opens up many positive opportunities for members! 
n=Beta Alpha Psi
e=bap@wayne.edu
d=Beta Alpha Psi is an organization for accounting, ism, and finance students. While Beta Alpha Psi is a professional organization, the group provides many opportunities for networking and friendship. The primary objective of Beta Alpha Psi is to encourage and give recognition to scholastic and professional excellence in the business information field. This includes: promoting the study and practice of accounting and finance; providing opportunities for self-development, and association among members and practicing professionals; and encouraging a sense of ethical, social, and public responsibility.
n=Biomedical Engineering Society at Wayne State University
e=bmeswayne@wayne.edu
d=The primary goal of the Wayne State University Chapter of the Biomedical Engineering Society (BMES) is to promote Biomedical Engineering knowledge and its utilization and to serve all students interested in Biomedical Engineering by assisting in their academic, professional, and social development. The organization will strive to provide information regarding curriculum options, research opportunities, and industrial and academic employment prospects. This student organization will also encourage the pursuit of joint activities in areas of mutual interest with 77916 departments, national and international societies and organizations.
n=Black 3utterfly Association
e=black3utterfly@gmail.com
d=Black 3utterfly Association was established in 2019, by three African American women, wanting to spread unity in their community. B.B. is a non-profit organization, dedicated to elevating consciousness in the African American community. We are truth seekers, debunking the distorted beliefs that racial caste systems, such as slavery, Jim Crow Laws, and the mass incarceration epidemic, has placed within the Afro-American mind. By using the transformative principles of Law of Attraction and New Thought Philosophy, we recreate the narrative in which empowers the African American community, to not only survive, but to thrive in the world. Within each unique individual is a light of divinity and potentiality, and our mission at Black 3utterfly Association is to empower our community in finding and sharing that light in the world, making it a better place. With being driven by community, we desire a platform that is all inclusive. Thus, the information that we share seeks to break racial boundaries.
n=Black Medical Association - Wayne State University School of Medicine
e=gu3933@wayne.edu
d=
n=Black Student Union
e=waynestatebsu@gmail.com
d=
n=Blueprints for Pangaea
e=blueprintsforpangaea-waynestate@b4pglobal.org
d=Millions of people around the world unnecessarily suffer from treatable health conditions due to lack of access to basic medical supplies and equipment. Simultaneously, the US health care system annually disposes of 12 billion pounds of unused, usable medical goods valued on the order of billions of dollars. Many of these resources are then incinerated, generating 250 L of CO2 emissions per pound burned. This model propagates economic inefficiency, environmental burden, and human suffering. Blueprints For Pangaea, Inc. (B4P) is a 501(c)(3) not-for-profit medical surplus recovery organization (MSRO) that seeks to offer sustainable solutions to the aforementioned inefficient health care resource distribution. A social enterprise, B4P is dedicated to addressing global health care inequalities by collecting and reallocating excess, unused medical supplies—that would otherwise be discarded—from US hospitals to areas that would value them overseas.
n=Bradford Bad Boys
e=gn0276@wayne
d=Bradford Bad Boys, or Tri-B, meets biweekly to connect with students on campus who are fans of the British boy band, One Direction. During meetings, our organization listens to music, watches old videos, discusses current events, plans outings, creates bonds, and allows members to find new friendships, interests, and knowledge on campus. We’re open for all students to join, as we aim to create a stress free escape from the hectic world we experience.
n=Business Networking Council
e=jhamdan@wayne.edu
d=The Business Networking Council connects the Wayne State business community with nearby business conferences and events. Giving business students the opportunity to network outside of campus and exposing students to a first-hand business environment. In addition, the Business Networking Council will work in tangent with other student organizations to organize, fund and execute business school social and professional events. 
n=Campus Activities Team
e=campusactivities@wayne.edu
d=The Campus Activities Team’s (CAT) primary goal is to provide a wide range of programming in relation to campus activities that will appeal to the entire student body. CAT is a student focused board which strives to establish opportunities for students to make personal, and campus oriented connections.
n=Campus Bible Fellowship
e=info@cbfwsu.org
d=Campus Bible Fellowship is committed to serious study of the Bible and sharing the hope of Jesus Christ with anyone interested in learning more.
n=Campus Health Center
e=campushealth@wayne.edu
d=Here at the Campus Health Center, our mission is to help all Wayne State students stay healthy so that they can attain their educational, professional, and personal goals. We aim to do so by providing healthcare services to prevent and treat common physical illnesses. We also work to promote the health and well-being of students at Wayne State University. We partner with departments across campus to provide students with a well-rounded understanding of health—both physical health and well-being—as well as mental health, exercise, and diet. We also educate students on an array of important medical topics, from sexual health to women’s health to preventative care, and we help them navigate the medical and insurance systems as many are on their own for the first time. Along with the health clinic, we also do outreach events in buildings across campus and in campus housing to make health care more accessible to students. Further, we aim to educate and inspire a new generation of healthcare providers. We help students in many departments across campus reach their educational goals by offering practicums, internships, and co-ops with us. We want to positively influence future clinicians and health professionals by teaching and mentoring them throughout their education.
n=Career Planning and Placement
e=bizcareeers@wayne.edu
d=Whether you just started at Wayne State University, are preparing to graduate, or have been in the workforce for a number of years, our office is here to help. We always encourage you to visit our office and utilize our services sooner rather than later. Even as a freshman and sophomore, there are a number of recommendations and tips that that will help you to achieve your career goals.  The Career Planning and Placement Office is here to provide you with insight and resources into today's job market. If you are new to campus, are entering into your senior year, or graduated years ago, we are more than happy to discuss our services and resources with you during appointments or walk-ins. You can also access various resources through our website including career advising, resume and cover letter development, interview preparation, job search resources, information on workshops and events, and much more. We offer scheduled appointments on Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday from 8:30am-5:00pm. You can call 313-577-4781 or email bizcareers@wayne.edu to schedule your appointment today! 
n=Career Services
e=
d=Career Services is dedicated to providing resources targeted to meet the career needs of our Students, Alumni, Employers, and the University Community with a common sense of purpose that shapes their future. We work diligently to promote student retention and success through experiential learning-based programs, university engagement, the assessment of learning outcomes, and collaborations with external organizations. We invite you to explore our programs and services in an effort to enhance your career options.
n=Cass Clinic
e=cassclinic3745@gmail.com
d=Cass Clinic is a free clinic dedicated to fulfilling the healthcare needs of the underserved population in Detroit by providing community members with free, quality medical care and prescription medications.  Cass Clinic is an opportunity for Wayne State University School of Medicine students to gain first-hand experience with patient care under the guidance of an attending physician.
n=Catholic Medical Student Association
e=gt2840@wayne.edu
d=The goals and purposes of the Catholic Medical Student Association are to provide support and assistance to Catholic medical students so that they can grow in their faith and understanding of the principles of the Catholic faith; to provide formal opportunities for education, service, and worship in a medical school setting; and to advance the principles of the Catholic faith in the science and practice of medicine.
n=CB Warren Senate of the International Law Fraternity of Delta Theta Phi
e=gq5393@wayne.edu
d=Delta Theta Phi alumni and student senates is a legal fraternity with reaches both nationally and internationally. The CB Warren Chapter and our international senate dedicate time and resources to provide educational, professional, and charitable opportunities to facilitate the development of skills necessary to obtain the highest levels of achievement in law school and beyond.
n=Center for Latino/a and Latin American Studies
e=gc2480@wayne.edu
d=With more than 45 years of commitment to excellence in education, the Center for Latino/a and Latin American Studies (LAS) is one of the oldest programs of its kind. Our mission is to transform the University, and ultimately society, by providing equitable access to a quality university education to students interested in U.S. Latino/a and Latin American cultural studies while enhancing diversity on campus.
n=Chai & Ink
e=chai.ink@outlook.com
d=
n=Chaldean American Medical Student Association
e=gt9851@wayne.edu
d=CAMSA is a student-run organization established to unite Chaldean medical students in Michigan, as well as promote education and competence in the area of Chaldean culture and language through the fabric of diversity. Along with providing medical students with volunteer and networking opportunities, it is our focus to promote higher education for future health professionals. CAMSA will also provide community service and aid to under-served populations in the Detroit urban community, as well as the Chaldean community of metro-Detroit and overseas in Iraq.   
n=Chaldean American Student Association
e=wsucasa@gmail.com
d=The Chaldean-American Student Association (C.A.S.A.) of Wayne State University is a student-run organization. We seek to unite all Chaldeans at Wayne State University. Our intentions are to assist these students in furthering their education while maintaining a positive representation of the Chaldean community. In addition, our goal is to prevent any type of discrimination and advocate solidarity, so that all Chaldean-American students demonstrate that they are caring, responsible, and knowledgeable citizens. We try our best to support each student in our organization with the proper tools he or she needs to be successful in the long run and provide a variety of networking opportunities. Each and every activity or event that CASA sponsors is in light of preserving the Chaldean culture, history, and language.
n=CHAMPS
e=du1071@wayne.edu
d=CHampions Aspiring to Make Pathways to Success – CHAMPS is an evidence-informed, college access and retention program for youth ages 18- 26 who have "aged out" of the child welfare system and/or juvenile justice system and are enrolled students at Wayne State University. The CHAMPS Program in the Wayne State University School of Social Work exists to increase college access and improve the graduation rates of youth with foster care and juvenile justice history in Southeast Michigan.
n=Children's Oral Health Advocacy Project
e=wsu.cohap@gmail.com
d=Children's Oral Health Advocacy Project (COHAP) aims to provide underprivleged children, specifically in the Detroit Public Schools, with the necessary supplies and information needed to maintain proper oral health care. COHAP strives to come together as a community, regardless of major of study, to lend a hand to the disadvantaged population in Detroit.
n=Chinese Cultural Club
e=GC1757@wayne.edu
d=
n=Christian Pharmacists Fellowship International - Pharmacists in Christ
e=gq0718@wayne.edu
d=•Christian Pharmacists Fellowship International (CPFI) is a worldwide ministry of individuals working in all areas of pharmaceutical service and practice. Our mission is to serve Christ and the world through pharmacy. •Members are representative of a broad range of Christian denominations including Baptist, Catholic, Church of Christ, Methodist, Pentecostal, Mennonite and nondenominational churches.  •To date this fellowship has succeeded in establishing the first viable network of Christian pharmacists.
n=City Of Asylum/Detroit
e=Megan@cityofasylumdetroit.org
d=The City of Asylum/Detroit resettles writers and artists who are in danger because of who they are or what they make, and creates thriving homes for global culture in Detroit.
n=CLAS Academic Staff Collegial Committee
e=clas-ascc@wayne.edu
d=Membership in the Academic Staff Collegial Committee (ASCC) includes all employees holding academic staff appointments within the College of Liberal Arts and Sciences.
n=Climate Reality Campus Corps: Wayne State University Chapter
e=wsuclimatereality@gmail.com
d=The Climate Reality Project Campus Corps brings students together to organize their campus community to become 100% Committed to renewable energy and end the climate crisis. From the campus, to the community, and beyond, the Campus Corps is creating a new generation of student activists with the tools to win, proving that 100 percent renewable energy is possible for communities around the globe. 
n=Club Med Virtual
e=ClubMedVirtual@gmail.com
d=Club Med Virtual is an organization designed to provide pre-health students with virtual shadowing and mentoring opportunities. Current times have made it clear that in-person involvement in the community is not always possible, and for many it may not be practical. Although in-person opportunities to gain firsthand volunteer or work experience are often highly sought after for medical students, most are not aware of the plethora of virtual engagement opportunities available to them online. Such opportunities include shadowing, mentoring, and other methods through which students can gain firsthand experience with health work. Club Med Virtual serves to connect pre-health students with these opportunities, ensuring that prospective health professionals are aware and can easily take advantage of them. Furthermore, by working with undergraduate mentors, Club Med Virtual provides students with mentoring sessions. Club Med Virtual also hosts monthly workshop sessions on a variety of health-related topics.
n=Coalition of Community Social Workers
e=gk9751@wayne.edu
d=CCSW is a coalition-based student organization focused on uniting social work students (macro, mezzo and micro) with other social science and  community-focused majors on WSU’s campus. We participate in political action, community organizing activities, and volunteering events in order to further the urban mission of the Wayne State School of Social Work. We develop and strengthen students’ leadership skills by assigning roles to members with allocation of duties at a reasonable and voluntary manner.
n=Code Blue SoM
e=ge6295@wayne.edu
d=Code Blue's origin dates back to 1989, when the National Association of State Boards of Education (NASBE) and the American Medical Association (AMA) collaborated to issue a "CODE BLUE" (or wake-up call) for youth health education. Highland Park, a local community within Detroit, was identified as one of those areas. To address this issue, Code Blue organizes monthly medical student visits to local elementary school classrooms. During these visits, medical students plan fun and educational science-related activities to encourage excitement about learning. The organization aims to foster an interest in health and science education, teach children healthy habits, and introduce STEM-related careers to local students. Additionally, Code Blue has coordinated science and health fairs at local schools and tutoring sessions.
n=Cold Fusion
e=fz6435@wayne.edu
d=Cold Fusion is a dance club dedicated to the fusion of many dance styles into one. Fusion varies depending on the community. However, it has roots in blues and contemporary with nuances of zouk, tango, bachata, salsa, swing, waltz, ballet, contact improvisation, and almost anything else you can think of. No experience is necessary! Lessons are held each practice by demand. We normally switch partners each song, so you do not need to bring one. We meet Monday and Thursday from 9PM to 12AM. Contact us by Facebook Messenger for more information. We hope to see you there!
n=College of Education
e=gc2394@wayne.edu
d=WSU's College of Education offers students career paths in the following areas: Counseling & Educational Psychology; Educational Evaluation & Research; Educational Leadership & Policy Studies; Health, Exercise & Sports; Learning Design & Technology; and Teaching & Curriculum.  Please explore our page and reach out to Jeff Lisiecki (gc2394@wayne.edu) with any questions you have!
n=College of Education Student Ambassador Program
e=gs4241@wayne.edu
d=Student Ambassadors are leaders within the College of Education that volunteer their time and talents to assist the COE in its recruitment and retention efforts. Ambassadors are tasked with engaging prospective, current, and former students; attending COE and WSU recruitment and outreach events; and providing the COE with valuable student perspectives and feedback. To be eligible for the program, applicants must be current undergraduate or graduate COE students in good academic standing (2.5 GPA or higher for undergraduates and 3.0 or higher for graduate students) and have completed at least two semesters at Wayne State University.
n=College of Fine, Performing and Communication Arts
e=aa5882@wayne.edu
d=Established in 1986, the College of Fine, Performing and Communication Arts (CFPCA) educates the next generation of visual artists, musicians, communication professionals, designers, art historians, art managers, actors, and dancers. The college offers 17 undergraduate programs, 12 graduate programs and four graduate certificates through its departments: the James Pearson Duffy Department of Art and Art History, the Maggie Allesee Department of Theatre and Dance, and the departments of communication and music. The music and theatre/dance departments are nationally accredited, as are individual programs in communication and art and art history.   In a setting of cultural diversity and advanced technologies, students benefit from expert faculty and state-of- the-art resources, and win top rankings in national and international competitions and tournaments. CFPCA's alumni include a Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist and winners of and nominees for the Grammy, Emmy, Tony, Golden Globe, Obie, Screen Actors Guild and Caldecott awards.  
n=College of Liberal Arts and Sciences
e=clas@wayne.edu
d=
n=College of Nursing
e=nursinginfo@wayne.edu
d=Founded in 1945, the College of Nursing is dedicated to providing the highest quality education to a diverse population of students through our BSN, MSN, PhD, DNP and graduate certificate programs. Historically, the College of Nursing has been a leader in nursing education, knowledge generation and contemporary nursing practice. Graduates from our college are prepared to be nurse leaders in research, education and practice.
n=College of Nursing Student Engagement
e=dawn.pauli@wayne.edu
d=College of Nursing events and activities
n=Commercial Dance Club
e=gn5068@wayne.edu
d=In CDC, we will train in styles such as hip-hop and heels for a better understanding of these dance styles commonly performed in commercial dance settings (LA/New York). We will better our level of confidence for upcoming dance auditions. Meeting twice a week with new choreography taught by the club members, working our way up to having the choreography professionally filmed by WSU film students. Costuming and lighting will be provided for filming days, which will try and be often to help with promotion on social media platforms. 
n=Commission on the Status of Women
e=wsucosw@wayne.edu
d=The COSW advises Wayne State University's Office of the President and the larger campus community on issues facing women students, staff, faculty, and alumni including gender equity and equality, social justice, and intersectionality. The Commission advocates for women through programming, university service, outreach, research, and policy recommendations.
n=Communication Graduate Student Association
e=laura.bruns@wayne.edu
d=
n=Community Homeless Interprofessional Program Clinic
e=gm3521@wayne.edu
d=
n=Community Writing & Engagement in Detroit
e=fn0268@wayne.edu
d=CWEnD is for past and present students of English 3020 (Writing & Community)*.  Our purpose is to maintain relationships established between English 3020 and community-based organizations.  Our work will consist of writing for, about, and with these community-based organizations, but will respond to evolving needs of these organizations, as well.  We aim to help existing partnerships between Detroit-based organizations and Wayne State University flourish.  We don't just volunteer- we advocate, engage, and build! *Our organization is also open to interested individuals who have not taken English 3020. 
n=Computing & InformationTechnology
e=cit@wayne.edu
d=C&IT provides services and resources that support and enhance WSU's teaching, learning, research and administrative activities. C&IT's primary goal is to provide technology services that enable our students, faculty and staff to be successful at WSU. C&IT strives to provide excellent customer service, respond to the changing needs of the university community, and make it easy and convenient for everyone to use technology at WSU.
n=Country Music Club
e=keathley@wayne.edu
d=
n=Creative Writing
e=he9800@wayne.edu
d=Writing, Writing, Writing! Spoken word, poetry, fiction, nonfiction, journaling, you name it! We are an entirely inclusive organization dedicated to the art of writing. Our goal as a club is to provide a writing and peer editing community where writers and poets can meet. Together we can work on improving our craft and creative expression!   JOIN OUR WHATSAPP GROUP: https://chat.whatsapp.com/J28R02OkSKaIQxsBPTBRiA
n=Culture Shift Dance
e=fy8573@wayne.edu
d=Culture Shift Dance Club aims to provide a platform for multiple different dance styles focusing on east and west coast swing, bachata, modern swing, and zouk. Lessons and regular practice times will be provided weekly to encourage constant learning and community building. 
n=Dance Marathon at Wayne State University
e=Tegaorhorhoro@gmail.com
d=DMWSU hosts a yearly 12-hour dance marathon. All the money raised goes to Children Miracle network . Throughout the year there will be fundraisers and events for club members leading up to the dance marathon. Not only will it be open to the public, but also to student organizations and departments at Wayne State
n=Dance Therapy Club
e=gg3436@wayne.edu
d=School can be stressful and can take a toll on students and everyone's number one stress reliever is music.  This is a club for lovers of music and dance and are passionate about those two things.  In this club, there is no specific type of dance and it's mostly freestyle and improv.  Anybody is welcome even if you are not professionally trained.  Also, people can learn choreographies on YouTube to their favorite songs.  This is a non-judgmental environment where people can dance their worries, stress, and anxieties away and let loose and build a bond with people who are struggling whether it be education wise or personally.  
n=Dean of Students Office
e=doso@wayne.edu
d=Wayne State University's Dean of Students Office is committed to providing opportunities to enhance the collegiate experience, develop leadership skills and celebrate Warrior pride. Our office invites you to discover over 400 recognized student organizations, including our Campus Activities Team and Fraternity and Sorority Life. Pursue your interests, participate in diverse programming and make the most of your WSU experience.
n=Delta Epsilon Mu
e=dem.wsu@gmail.com
d=The Members of Delta Epsilon Mu (a Co-Ed Pre-Health Professional Fraternity) are committed to serving the community by advocating health education and care, and through active participation in various activities, fundraising, and outreach programs. Members are given the opportunity to directly participate in health-oriented workshops and discussions, thereby attaining access to pertinent academic and career information through association with professors, advisors, career professionals, Alumni Members and fellow Active Members.
n=Delta Phi Delta Dance Fraternity Incorporated
e=dphidgamma@gmail.com
d=The purpose of Delta Phi Delta Dance Fraternity Inc. is to provide individuals of a specific geographic region with an outlet to utilize their talents beyond the stage to enhance their communities through community service, fundraisers, youth outreach and positive activities including but not limited to showcases, concerts, and fashion shows.  Fast Facts Type of Organization: Co-ed Dance Fraternity   Founding Date: Tuesday, January 18, 2000   Founding Place: University Park, IL   Colors: New Black, Platinum White, Charcoal Grey, & a Tear Drop of Blood Red   Principles: Brotherhood, Sisterhood, Commitment, Honesty, DIversity, & Strength   Mascot: Black Panther   Flowers: Red Rose & White Lily Motto: Dance Is The Door To The Soul, My Movements Are The Key! Slogan: Don't Stare, Just Ask!   Chapters of DPhi participate in a wide variety of community service projects (performance based, awareness based, mentorship based, and general service based) ranging from donation drives, food service, participation in awareness events, performing at different venues, individual and group mentoring, and much more. 
n=Delta Phi Omega Sorority Incorporated
e=dpo.wsu@gmail.com
d=Established on December 6, 1998 in Houston, TX.  The purpose of Delta Phi Omega Sorority Inc. shall be to foster unity among South Asian women, build community awareness, and gain a greater understanding of oneself and others. The sorority aspires to instill leadership traits, excel in all academic endeavors, to encourage an active relationship between the sorority and its respective university, and shall do so with the utmost compassion, dignity, and fortitude.    Our sisters exemplify our pillars of Sisterhood, Respect, Honesty, Loyalty, and Friendship.    Delta Phi Omega Sorority Inc. is a member of the Multicultural Greek Council on campus. Although we are a South Asian interest sorority, we are accepting of all women interested in joining the sisterhood.    Delta Phi Omega Sorority Inc. identifies as both a professional and social greek organization. We pride our relationships with other Greek organizations on campus, along with our dedication to giving back to our community. Our Philanthropy is Children's Literacy and Education, with our beneficiaries of CARE, Pratham USA, and Asha for Education. Throughout the year we host and participate in events such as Be The Change Day and Literacy Through Unity Week.   Interested in Delta Phi Omega Sorority Inc.? Click the world icon below to visit our webpage and learn more about our sisterhood. You may also fill out the interest form below and we will be in contact soon:) We host recruitment events at the beginning of each semester. Events will be posted on our website and Instagram page.    Interest Form: tinyurl.com/yy95blv2  
n=Delta Sigma Theta Sorority Inc. Tau Chapter
e=taudst@gmail.com
d=Public Service Organization of over 250,000 college education women. Mission Statement: Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Incorporated is an organization of college educated women committed to constructive development of its members and to public service with a primary focus on the Black community. Statement of Purpose: Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Incorporated. is a private, not-for-profit organization whose purpose is to provide assistance and support through established programs in local communities throughout the world. Since its founding more than 200,000 women have joined the organization. The organization is a sisterhood of predominantly Black, college educated women. The sorority currently has 1,000 collegiate and alumnae chapters located in the United States, England, Japan (Tokyo and Okinawa), Germany, the Virgin Islands, Bermuda, the Bahamas, Jamaica and the Republic of Korea. The major programs of the sorority are based upon the organization's Five Point Programmatic Thrust. More than ten thousand members typically attend Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Incorporated's biennial national conventions, and each of the seven regional conferences (held during years when there is no national convention) typically hosts thousands of members. At its recent 51st National convention held in the District of Columbia, more than 38,000 members registered and attended.
n=Department of African American Studies
e=afamstudies@wayne.edu
d=Study the historical, cultural, intellectual and social development of people of African descent, the societies of which they are a part, and their contributions to world civilization. The major in African American Studies prepares students for a wide range of professional and career opportunities. Majors can continue to graduate (including doctoral level) studies in the humanities, social and behavioral sciences, or pursue professional programs in law, medicine, business, and journalism. Degree programs Bachelor of Arts Minor in African American Studies Students earning a degree in African American (AFAM) studies will receive a foundation of critical thinking, research, writing, and analytical skills. Career options are limitless with a liberal arts foundation, and many AFAM majors continue on to graduate studies in the humanities, social and behavioral sciences, law, medicine, business, and journalism.
n=Department of Anthropology
e=ab3697@wayne.edu
d=Today's world needs workers who embrace cultural diversity and are savvy about how those cultural differences affect critical choices in business, government, medicine, and society.  The ability of anthropologists to se problems through a fresh "outsiders" vantage point is highly valued.  
n=Department of Communication Sciences & Disorders (Speech Pathology & Audiology fields)
e=csd_ugadvising@wayne.edu
d=Welcome to the Department of Communication Sciences and Disorders Specialized coursework prepares students to work with speech-language and hearing disabled children and adults in a variety of settings, including the public schools, hospitals, clinics, rehabilitation centers and private practice. Undergraduate degrees are considered pre-professional as students must obtain a graduate degree to be employed as a certified speech-language pathologist (M.A.) or audiologist (Au.D.) in any work setting. The Master's Degree program in Speech-Language Pathology and the Professional Doctorate program in Audiology (Au.D.) are accredited by the Council on Academic Accreditation of the American Speech-Language-Hearing Association.
n=Department of Computer Science
e=LStewart@wayne.edu
d=
n=Department of English
e=english@wayne.edu
d=Come study English in the heart of Detroit! Our program's strengths in literary and cultural studies, creative writing, rhetoric, composition, film and media studies hone critical thinking skills while also feeding your heart. We are a community of readers, writers, and thinkers that includes undergrad, graduate students, and faculty. Evidence shows that studying English leads to rich career opportunities. We do a great job of preparing you for all of the work you have ahead of you.
n=Department of History
e=ab3697@wayne.edu
d=History is central to our understanding of the human experience.  The study of the past allows us to place our world in context, whether we want to understand international crises or social relations within our own communities.  The skills of the historian - the ability to do research in original sources, to think critically, and to write clearly and persuasively - are highly valued in our changing world.
n=Department of Mathematics
e=math@wayne.edu
d=Department of Mathematics offers 4 different undergraduate majors, as well as master's degrees, and a doctorate. The department also offers many service courses and tutoring for students in different majors who need to meet math requirements. Department of Mathematics
n=Department of Music @ Wayne
e=music@wayne.edu
d=The Department of Music cultivates music as a contemporary and global art, grounded in a long historical tradition, by combining higher education with professional training and experience for its undergraduate and graduate/professional students. The Department offers students of music opportunities to learn, grow, and develop their skills and disciplines in an urban cultural setting. With close proximity to Detroit's cultural center, students have access to the resources of such premiere institutions as the Detroit Institute of Arts, the Detroit Public Library, the Detroit Opera House, and Orchestra Hall. The long historical relationship between the Detroit Symphony Orchestra and the Department allows students to study and coach with exceptional guest artists and resident artist-faculty who are specialists in all musical styles and media. Building on the strengths of its geographic and cultural setting, the Department maintains public access to its performances and degree programs, offers high-level professional and academic standards and unique creative and scholarly opportunities appropriate to a large research university, and cultivates a deep aesthetic understanding of music in our students and the larger urban arts community.
n=Department of Physics and Astronomy
e=hoffmann@wayne.edu
d=The Department of Physics and Astronomy is a vibrant community of over 150 undergraduate students, 50 graduate students and 30 faculty and staff. We have programs in physics, biomedical physics and astronomy, and very active student organizations. We also run the Wayne State planetarium and sponsor astronomy events around campus. Because we are a relatively small program, we are able to provide a lot of support to individual undergraduate students, including involvement in cutting-edge research in astronomy, biomedical physics, elementary particle physics, new electronic devices, solid state physics and nuclear physics.
n=Department of Public Health
e=fz8993@wayne.edu
d=The Department of Public Health at Wayne State University specializes in broadly preparing undergraduate students to meet current and emergent threats to the health of vulnerable individuals, populations, and communities. As a truly interdisciplinary field, public health draws strength from the natural sciences, biostatistics, and behavioral sciences to address the social determinants of health inequalities, health care access and affordability, mental health and suicide prevention, housing and food insecurity, and many other issues. Public health faculty are engaged in meaningful community-based intervention research centered on immigrant health, childhood obesity, healthcare access, student mental health, and patient-centered outcomes. Faculty and instructors have professional experiences working with city and county governments, health care organizations, health insurance companies, foundations, and non-profit organizations.
n=Determine Detroit
e=hc7950@wayne.edu
d=
n=Detroit Biodiversity Network
e=detroitbiodiversitynetwork@gmail.com
d=The mission of the Detroit Biodiversity Network (Biophiliacs) is to engage students in hands on projects that support and improve the sustainability of urban ecosystems on Wayne State University’s campus and in surrounding Detroit communities. DBN will create linkages between the resources of the university, the expertise of community-based organizations, and students’ interests to create synergistic benefits for the environment and all involved. DBN calls the greenhouse atop Science Hall home and coordinates the operations of several urban gardens on campus. If you’re interested in urban ecology, environmental justice, food systems, biodiversity, and sustainability, or if you’re simply a green thumb who wants to play in the dirt, contact us to get involved!
n=Detroit Cru
e=WayneStateU.Cru@gmail.com
d=Wayne State Cru is a multiethnic community to help every student know and follow Jesus. At WSU Cru you will experience real faith, real people, and real impact. We understand this semester looks different than anything any of us has ever experienced however, we are still excited to offer every student on campus the opportunity to engage in Gospel center community via virtual gatherings. While the gatherings may be virtual the friendships you’ll make will be %100 real. Whether you are a committed follower of Jesus and are looking to grow your faith or unsure about what you believe, this place is for you! Stop by our zoom call during the Student Org Virtual Fair,  September 30th, 2020 from 5:00-6:00pm to hear more about us and get information about upcoming events! Once there you can chat with upperclassman students who have made impactful lifelong friendships, traveled the world to bring clean water to families in need and, have been deeply impacted by the Gospel of Jesus Christ. Come see what we’re about, ALL are welcome!
n=Detroit Dhamaal
e=dhamaalcomp@gmail.com
d=The establishment of Dhamaal, a non-profit intercollegiate Bollywood-fusion dance competition, comes from the efforts of youth to bring awareness to the combination of Bollywood film dance and Western fusion dance. Dhamaal is excited to join the North American Bollywood Fusion Circuit and bring various teams to the city of Detroit as well as support a charity that directly relates to our target audience. This competition will be inviting university teams from all over the nation to perform against each other for first, second, and third place cash prizes in front of an audience of over 1200 people.  There are over 130 competitions across the nation but Dhamaal would be Detroit’s first and only Bollywood-fusion competition. Each year a board of 15-17 board members are chosen to organize this competition. A lot of these board members are either part of a dance team that competed in the circuit or are familiar with exactly how the circuit and the competitions operate. Every member comes from a background of dance and they are all active members in the community with different organizations. Majority of the board members are made up of Wayne State University students and these members have competed at multiple competitions and have adapted the format of these competitions. 
n=Detroit Environmentalist Club
e=gf3486@wayne.edu
d=
n=Detroit Feedback Loop
e=detroitfeedbackloopwsu@gmail.com
d=Detroit Feedback Loop (DFL) is a Wayne State University student-run nonprofit organization. DFL aims to relieve hunger in Detroit by collecting leftover, unused food from local restaurants, grocery stores, events and more. We then mobilize volunteers to redistribute this food to community soup kitchens and homeless shelters. In addition to helping those in need attain a source of food, we aim to provide them with nutritious options to better their health. Our simple model is effective and has succeeded thus far due to an immense amount of community engagement. Students, residents, business owners, donation recipients all become connected through our “loop”.
n=Detroit Health Connect
e=detroithealthconnect@gmail.com
d=The purpose of Detroit Health Connection is to inform the Detroit Urban Area Community about free and reduced-cost health resources in the Detroit area. We use the Michigan 2-1-1 database and other internet resources to compile organized pamphlets and binders with the relevant information about these health resources. We then go to platforms that have high concentrations of impoverished community members such as food banks, meal services, and free clinics in order to convey this information to the community members in person. Our aim is to help with all health related concerns, including physical, emotional, and mental. For more detailed information about our service opportunities, please contact us.
n=Detroit Period Project
e=detroitperiodproject@gmail.com
d=Working with menstruators and organizations within the local Detroit and Wayne State community, our goal is to communicate directly with local partners to get them the products that will best serve themselves and their neighbors. By emphasizing the need for sustainability, we hope to build stronger relationships with the community by making product plans, hosting packaging and donation events, and actively encouraging members to be directly involved in contributing to menstrual equity. We believe citizens of the local Detroit and Wayne State community are important voices for making menstrual products accessible and useful among all residents.
n=Detroit Vintage Club
e=dw1674@wayne.edu
d=
n=Detroit vs Addiction
e=detroitvsaddictionwsu@gmail.com
d=We are a Wayne State School of Medicine Organization. Our mission is to encourage the initiation and maintenance of opioid addiction treatment by equipping the community with readily available resources in the metro Detroit area. By working together with other health professionals throughout the community, we hope to improves the lives of those struggling with addiction. 
n=Dinner and Conversation
e=wsudac@gmail.com
d=DAC is a student orgnization that aims to help those experiencing homelessness in the downtown area.  DAC members provide food, clothing, and foster relationships with homeless individuals. Every meeting DAC members prepair meals and beverages for the homeless. After the food is finished and the clothing is organized a group reflection is led and DAC members prepair for the experience that they are about to have. After reflection the group travels to a pre-determined location, so that they can walk the streets and offer food, clothing, as well as companionship for anybody that will accept it. DAC is a secular orginization and members of all faiths are encouraged to participate.
n=Disability Allied Law Students Association
e=bsarnacki@wayne.edu
d=Disability Allied Law Students Association’s (DALSA) seeks to create accessible spaces on campus and to provide representation for differently-abled students at Wayne. DALSA also seeks to organize students around disability rights and disability law.
n=Distinguished Minds of Detroit
e=mehdi.zreik@wayne.edu
d=
n=Doctors without Borders Student Chapter Wayne State University
e=wsumsf@gmail.com
d=Friends of MSF aims are to: Raise awareness and knowledge about MSF’s work in the field and about humanitarian issues. Encourage students to consider working with non-governmental organizations, such as MSF, post-graduation. Support MSF in advocacy campaigns. Raise money for MSF, our work in the field, and specific campaigns. MSF at Wayne State University will also be partnering with the MSF USA Regional Hub of Michigan to advocate on their behalf as well as assist with any functional needs.
n=DPT Class of 2023
e=he6742@wayne.edu
d=   
n=EACPHS Pharm D. Program eBoard class of 2022
e=wsupharmd2022@gmail.com
d=
n=EACPHS PharmD E-Board Class of 2023
e=go7850@wayne.edu
d=The ultimate goal of the E-Board is serve the needs of the entire Pharmacy Class of 2023 socially and academically. The E-Board consists of the following officers: President, Vice President of Internal Affairs, Vice President of External Affairs, Treasurer, Secretary, Historian, and Webmaster.  These officers are elected by majority (%50+1 persons) vote following nominations by students. 
n=EACPHS PharmD E-Board Class of 2024
e=dw6926@wayne.edu
d=E-Board officer positions include President, Vice President of Internal Affairs, Vice President of External Affairs, Treasurer, Secretary, Historian, and Webmaster. Officers are nominated by students and elected by majority vote (50%+1 persons). 
n=Educational Outreach
e=stacy.jackson@wayne.edu
d=Educational Outreach is the point of entry for all off-campus programs and courses. We serve traditional students, transfer students and professionals seeking additional training, and the adult literacy needs of the Detroit community. Educational Outreach offers five off-campus sites and expanded access to university services, courses and degree programs. Whatever your academic and professional goals, we can help you reach them.
n=El Club Hispano
e=wsuclubhispano@wayne.edu
d=El Club Hispano of Wayne State University is dedicated to educating its members and the University community about the language, history, literature, and culture of the Spanish-speaking world. We hold weekly activities, including a student-led conversation group as well as two tutoring sessions held for basic course undergraduate students and beginners. We also connect volunteers to a tutoring program, Centro de San Jose, offered by La Casa Guadalupana in Southwest Detroit. We also participate in activities in and around Detroit. All levels of Spanish are welcome at any time!
n=Electrochemical Society (ECS), Wayne State University (WSU)
e=ECS.waynestate@gmail.com
d=The organization is created to bring to the community the practical domains of electrochemistry and how this is applied to the real world. This will be done through organizing workshops and symposia.
n=Elevate Women
e=elevatewomenwsu@gmail.com
d=Elevate Women is a student led group that strives to create a safe, casual space for ALL to participate in collaborative conversations. In order to facilitate change, everyone must be involved to fully address women's issues. We help the women of Detroit through volunteering, fundraising, and community outreach. Members of this organization will have the opportunity to grow and learn from hearing women of diverse backgrounds and industries.
n=Elohist Bible Club
e=williamvoker@gmail.com
d=Hello! We are the Elohist club. We are a religious bible study group who look into the mysteries of the Bible; mysteries such as the Order of Melchizedek, Daniel 2 and 7, and the mystery about God the Mother. We thrive to educate the facts and science of the Bible as well as the real meaning of Love according to the Bible. We enhance student experience through opportunities to help our local and national community via volunteer services and seminars. If you have any questions or would like to learn more about the club or upcoming seminars, please Contact The purpose of this organization is to educate students in the bible by bringing forth a safe and loving message with bible studies, bible seminars, and enhance student experience with diverse events and volunteer opportunities. If you have any questions please email us at: WSelohist@gmail.com
n=Emergency Medicine Interest Group
e=fw0677@wayne.edu
d=The Emergency Medicine Interest Group is for students (Years I-IV) interested in exploring emergency medicine as a career choice. This group was formed to provide an avenue of educational outreach and experience in emergency medicine and health care in general. It provides an opportunity to make contacts in the field and to gain clinical experience before beginning Year III.
n=Emgage WSU
e=gi2419@wayne.edu
d=We understand the importance of bridging the gap between elected officials and their constituents. We strive to build the political awareness and capacity of Muslim Americans and minorities to engage on key policy issues that affect all of us as Americans. Do you feel that our elected officials are not always well informed about our community? Bringing the change we need requires proactive and consistent civic participation. Engagement requires an understanding of the political process, how to engage with elected officials, and how to form partnerships with other constituencies in support of common policy positions. Emgage is a 501c(3) that implements an ecosystem of programs to develop the capacity of the voter to ensure that our narrative is part of the American fabric. Our programs include civic educational events such as issue forums and town halls, voter initiatives including Get Out The Vote (GOTV), and specific programs for the youth in order to mentor and support the next generation of leaders.
n=Engineering Society of Detroit
e=esd@wayne.edu
d=Wayne State University College of Engineering was the first ESD student chapter in Metro Detroit. The purpose of this organization is to promote fellowship among its members, disseminate knowledge of theory and practice in all engineering and allied fields, and further the professional development of students in engineering. ESD's mission also is to facilitate networking opportunities for all of its members.
n=Engineers Without Borders WSU
e=ewb.waynestate@gmail.com
d=
n=ENT (Otolaryngology) Interest Group
e=he9981@wayne.edu
d=
n=Eugene Applebaum College of Pharmacy and Health Sciences
e=hsandlin@wayne.edu
d=If you have questions about becoming a student at Applebaum we are here to help.
n=Everything Healthcare WSU
e=everythinghealthcarewsu@gmail.com
d=The aim of this organization is to create a student led network of individuals that are pursuing or are interested in some form of a healthcare career. From healthcare administration to physical therapy to medical school, this organization is a club for students to share and engage with one another, and a great opportunity for undecided freshmen to discover the healthcare career path that fits them best.   EHWSU will provide a community of health leaders by making it a safe space to share experiences and help ease the mind. Focusing on mental health is an important aspect of the club, as pursuing health careers can be quite stressful. We recognize how Covid-19 could have impacted students' ability to participate in extracurriculars and meet certain requirements. As a team, we will recreate these opportunities for students. Through resume building, networking with people established in your desired field, informative events, and creating relations with fellow warriors; this club is all things healthcare, which will greatly benefit Wayne State’s large student body pursuing such careers.
n=Exercise Physiology Club
e=waynestateexphys@gmail.com
d=The purpose of Exercise Physiology Club is to strengthen the department at Wayne State University through cooperation of students and faculty. Programming will be available to members to increase their knowledge, skills, and abilities in the field of Exercise Physiology. Events and activities will aid in the student members preparation to become well-equipped professionals driven to promote healthy living in a variety of populations through exercise, sports, and healthy environments. Members will be provided with opportunities to excel their exercise and sport science studies. Knowledge opportunities through networking with other students and professionals and through educational based programs, workshops, speakers, and conferences will be offered. Members can contribute to community service through volunteer events. All of the club's activities are overseen by Dr. Tamara Hew-Butler club advisor and Associate Professor on campus.
n=Express, Fulfill, Prosper. WSU
e=wayne@expressfulfillprosper.org
d=Join us for WinterFest: Meeting ID:2283743151 Passcode:dCQE6U  https://us04web.zoom.us/j/2283743151?pwd=Nmd1TlpmMTljZkZvRVc0UE10WEE3dz09 "We know how hard college can be, and we just want to tell you that it's ok to not be ok sometimes. You are strong and you are doing great. We are here for you. We Believe in you."
n=Faith Elevation Ministries International
e=Cq0045@wayne.edu
d=Bridge the Gap is a Christian Organization on Wayne State University's campus. We do bible study and church but we also hang out we do social events like bowling movies and winter blast at campus Martia... 
n=Fashion Design Merchandising Organization
e=fdmo.waynestate@gmail.com
d=FDMO is a student organization that is dedicated to the ideas of collaboration, creativity and community. Members are encouraged to express themselves freely and share their ideas with one another in hopes to create the memorable and life-changing experience that is our annual spring fashion show. Students of all majors, minors, and backgrounds are welcome to join in and gain event planning knowledge and indulge in fashion culture to shine light on the vibrant students of Wayne State and help make their vision into reality.
n=Filipino Student Society
e=filsoc.wayne@gmail.com
d=Founded in 1981, the Filipino Student Society - also known as FIL-SOC - is a social-ethnic organization that provides a networking base for people of Philippine descent and others that are interested in learning about the Filipino culture. We welcome anyone who would like to join us in our journey to share our culture and language in hopes of maximizing unity and progress in our society.
n=Financial Management Association
e=fma@wayne.edu
d=The Financial Management Association is the premier organization for students pursuing a deeper understanding or future career in the financial services industry. Members are offered the chance to participate in private employer events featuring top companies and prestigious recruitment opportunities. These employers are sourced from all areas of the industry, ranging from corporate finance to investment banking. We also offer workshops aimed at helping students to further develop their technical abilities, build their professional brand, and expand their network. We look forward to growing with you.
n=First Aid First
e=hf8846@wayne.edu
d=First Aid First is a student org at the WSU School of Medicine which partners with DMC to teach First Aid to the citizens of Detroit. We aim to expand to main campus to train more people. We plan to recruit undergraduates to facilitate the trains, this entails organizing training dates and locations, recruiting trainers and trainees, and training college participants.
n=Floss Your Heart
e=gp2057@wayne.edu
d=
n=Formula One Club
e=gp7633@wayne.edu
d=This group will be designed for watching Formula Grand Prix's, Qualifying, and Practices. This will also be a place where like headed people can talk about Formula 1, including but not limiting to, the drivers, the cars, the teams, the company's, the time's, and all things Formula One.
n=Fredrick Hessler Student Success Center
e=dz2123@wayne.edu
d=The Mike Ilitch School of Business Frederick Hessler Student Success Center is available to help navigate undergraduate students on their road to success. Locations, hours and contact information are below. Our advisors offer a variety of services to students, including setting goals, developing four-year plans, creating personalized academic plans, processing registration and override requests, and handling hold releases.
n=Free Expression Dance Organization
e=gh3800@wayne.edu
d=This is a low commitment dance organization for dancers to come and do anything they want. Whether they want to just stretch, improv, or create routines, in a space free from judgement. 
n=Free Legal Aid Clinic
e=flac@wayne.edu
d=FLAC is a §501(c)(3) nonprofit. We work with the Wayne State Law School and local legal aid organizations to provide opportunities for law students to work in the public sector. Our partner organizations serve the under-privileged and vulnerable populations of the greater Detroit community. FLAC operates to create and grow a strong network of public interest and civically engaged lawyers in Southeast Michigan.  
n=Fresh Start
e=FreshStart@wayne.edu
d=This is a student lead initiative that is open to all. Our mission is to help those in need by giving them a Fresh Start! We do this by providing long-term solutions to those who need it! We are a Detroit based organization.
n=Future Alumni Network
e=courtney.durham@wayne.edu
d=The Future Alumni Network is comprised of distinguished student leaders who represent the University during alumni events, foster a connection between alumni and students, and create a culture of philanthropy on campus.   Opportunities for members Chance to serve the Wayne State Community as a student leader. Connect with distinguished alumni and execute events connecting students and alumni. Conduct outreach and education to create a culture of philanthropy Participate in premier events sponsored by the Division of Development & Alumni Affairs.   Our priorities   Student Philanthropy Plan and implement philanthropically inspired programming that encourages a volunteering and giving culture, building a culture of philanthropy on campus, and educating students on the importance of giving back.   Outreach Execute events that engage the student body and educate students on the importance of giving back. Maintain the strategic initiatives of the Alumni Association and promote the Alumni Association scholarship to students. Meet with student groups to promote WarriorFunder as a tool to help them accomplish their fundraising goals.   Ambassadors Distinguished student leaders who represent the university during alumni events, development and presidential events. Share your Wayne State story to foster alumni engagement with students, and help students understand the impact of the Alumni Association.
n=Future Lawyers Alliance
e=fla@wayne.edu
d=The Future Lawyers Alliance is an organization dedicated to helping BIPOC students interested in becoming law students to thrive and foster a community. We seek to provide resources that encourage the success of Wayne State University's BIPOC pre-law student population. We help our members through academics (study groups, LSAT prep), networking (events in connection with WSU BLSA, lawyer panels), social (fun activities such as game nights) and community (community service, fundraising) engagement. FLA hopes to provide an open platform for discussion amongst the university community regarding diversity in the legal field.  
n=Future Librarians for Inclusivity and Diversity
e=fw0363@wayne.edu
d=Future Librarians for Inclusivity and Diversity (FLID) provides a safe space for up and coming library and information science (LIS) professionals to gain a better understanding of diversity within the profession and underserved populations.  In preparation for working with individuals from these groups, FLID's mission will be to expose SIS students to issues surrounding diverse cultures, lifestyles, physical abilities, and religious beliefs within the LIS field. This purpose shall be effectuated through promoting awareness by organizing on and off-campus events (social, educational or otherwise) for SIS students to learn about, exchange ideas, and perhaps resolve issues surrounding diversity and inclusion in LIS. 
n=Future Pediatrics
e=wsufuturepediatrics@gmail.com
d=Future pediatrics seeks to promote the health, lifestyle, and mind of children in the metro Detroit area.
n=Gender, Sexuality, and Women's Studies Program
e=schess@wayne.edu
d=Gender, Sexuality and Women's Studies (GSW) is an interdisciplinary undergraduate program focusing on the historical, social, cultural, economic and political dynamics that play out in the construction of gender and sexuality. We welcome students with interests in gender and sexuality, queer studies, feminism, and more! 
n=Generation Hallyu
e=generationhallyu.wsu@gmail.com
d=An organization at Wayne State University for embracing Korean entertainment and culture such as: KPOP, K-dramas, food, and language. Please join our family and have a great time with us! We would love to have you!
n=Geoscience Club
e=gh3800@wayne.edu
d=
n=Get Involved Tips and Trainings
e=getinvolved@wayne.edu
d=This page is designed to assist you in navigating the Get Involved platform. We will post tips on how to manage your organization's portal and how to utilize your personal profile, video tutorials, training guides and event listings for various trainings in the Dean of Students Office. 
n=Girl Up Wayne
e=girlupwayne@gmail.com
d=Girl Up Wayne is a non-profit organization that advocates for young girls both nationally and internationally in regards to health, education, leadership, and more.
n=Global Surgery Student Alliance WSU
e=gn3372@wayne.edu
d=
n=Gordon L. Grosscup Museum of Anthropology
e=grosscupmuseum@wayne.edu
d=
n=Graduate Association for Professionals in Student Affairs
e=bshamoun@wayne.edu
d=
n=Graduate Business Student Association
e=ep9614@wayne.edu
d=The Graduate Business Student Association (GBSA) strives to offer graduate/professional business students new opportunities that will bring their educational experience to life. Through networking, collaborating, and engaging in leadership activities within the Detroit community, GBSA members will develop skills that translate into future success in their respective fields.
n=Graduate Indian Students Association
e=gisa@wayne.edu
d=Graduate Indian Student's Association is a graduate organization which would deal with the daily drives of Graduate students right from their admission to our university. We would also celebrate and present various cultural events which resemble India in the world. Being GISA, we would strive hard to well-being and comfort of the graduate students in every way possible
n=Graduate Queer Alliance
e=gw8738@wayne.edu
d=GQaWSU, in its newly reborn stage will be focused on building a community of graduate students to focus of LGBTQIA academic support, social mirth and advocacy.   With a plan to hold a variety of academic support programs from informational forums focused on graduate student life being queer to informal social gatherings focused on sharing queer academic resources.  A large part of being in a minority category is finding a group of individuals that both identify and sympathize with your struggles. GQaWSU plans to bring together graduate students through social activities to build communal supports for queer graduate students.  Finally, GQaWSU plans to work with other WSU LGBTQ student organizations in hopes of advancing the needs of LGBTQIA student needs in addition to working within the community to promote and build the greater Detroit Queer community. 
n=Grappling Club
e=ex4360@wayne.edu
d=Our mission is to bring WSU students together to train and improve their grappling skills, improve their fitness, and to build camaraderie. We currently train/teach judo, bjj, wrestling, and sambo. The Grappling Club committee oversees use of grappling room in the basement of the Matthaei Center.
n=Green Beans Sustainability Organization
e=gg6456@wayne.edu
d=This is an umbrella-group of sustainably-minded student organizations that network with each other on events, activities, and ideas. We encourage student organizations to join us that either emphasize an aspect of sustainability (environmental issues, public health, advocacy, veganism/vegetarianism, biodiversity, etc.) or would like to in the future. We are a branch under the Office of Campus Sustainability that will be able to provide organizations with resources or information on sustainability, as well as connect you to other like-minded organizations. 
n=Half the Sky
e=ft7920@wayne.edu
d=Inspired by its namesake book, Half the Sky aims to substantiate the ancient Chinese proverb that women hold up half the sky by turning oppression into opportunity for women worldwide. Our primary objectives will be to 1) bring attention to lesser known issues of systematic violence against women, such as female genital mutilation, acid attacks, and honor killings, as well as more attention to extensive issues like domestic and sexual violence, forced prostitution, reproductive justice, menstrual equity, and human trafficking, occurring both locally and across the globe, 2) to support and develop grassroots organizations working to prevent, protect, and empower women and children vulnerable to such issues, and 3) to utilize our interdisciplinary strengths and passions to deliberate policies and campaigns to catalyze effective change both in our native Detroit and abroad.
n=Healthy Hearts
e=wsusomhealthyhearts@gmail.com
d=The primary mission of the Healthy Hearts 101 Program is to enhance the science curriculums of local schools by educating students about the negative effects of smoking, poor nutrition, and the mechanics of the heart and lungs. Our program includes a medical student led lecture and interactive stations. In the lecture portion, students see a video of an open-heart surgery. During the hands on portion, students dissect a pig heart, touch and feel diseased lungs, use stethoscopes to learn about heart and lung sounds, and learn the basics of nutrition.
n=HEART for Heart
e=gh6471@wayne.edu
d=
n=Hellenic Student Association - WSU
e=hsa.waynestate@outlook.com
d=The Wayne State University chapter of the Hellenic Student Association’s mission is to offer students and young professionals the opportunity to grow academically, professionally, and socially, through unique networking and engagement projects along with their peers and established professionals of the Hellenic community in North America, Greece as well as Cyprus.   HSA aims to represent & showcase Hellenism on the WSU campus; to encourage a diverse student membership; to give members the opportunity to be immersed in the Hellenic culture; to preserve the language, history, culture of Greeks both in homeland & diaspora.
n=Hematology Oncology Peer Education Group
e=hopeboard@groups.wayne.edu
d=Hematology Oncology Peer Education Group (HOPE) is the only organization at the WSU School of Medicine with a primary focus of providing opportunities for students to become involved in oncology/hematology-related community events and providing education opportunities such as seminars with medical faculty to explore interests in the field.
n=Herd Immunity
e=herdimmunitywsu@gmail.com
d=
n=Hillel of Metro Detroit
e=hillelpd@wayne.edu
d=
n=History Club
e=gl7373@wayne.edu
d=The History Club is an organization dedicated to crafting exciting events to connect together history majors, minors, and lovers together, along with faculty and staff, to promote and encourage the study of history at Wayne State University.
n=Holistic Pre-Med Project
e=holisticpremedproject@gmail.com
d=We plan to offer multiple different resources that can be beneficial to pre-medical students. This can include but is not limited to discussions and meetings with nation-wide doctors and admissions advisors from several medical schools, MCAT resources, clinical and nonclinical volunteering opportunities, and helpful affordable ways to make premed students goals more of a reality.
n=Homecoming
e=bshamoun@wayne.edu
d=Homecoming week at Wayne State University is an annual tradition for students, alumni, and family that will continue this fall. Join us online to celebrate the Warrior community, connections, and spirit.  For more information, visit homecoming.wayne.edu.
n=Honors Student Association
e=hsa@wayne.edu
d=The Honors Student Association (HSA) aims to connect Wayne State University’s Irvin D. Reid Honors College students together through social functions and community service activities, and act as a representative body for the students of the Honors College.
n=Humanity First
e=Humanityfirstwayne@gmail.com
d=Humanity First WSU will strongly impact both local and global communities by volunteering at a variety of places such as food banks and soup kitchens, adopting schools in Detroit and providing tutoring to underprivileged children, and hold fundraising events to support multiple charity events. Humanity First WSU also holds an annual international mission in spring break to Guatemala to provide medical service to rural and underserved communities.
n=I Love My HAIRitage
e=ilovemyhairitage@gmail.com
d=This organization seeks to empower students from various backgrounds, encouraging them to love their Hair and the skin they're in. I Love My HAIRitage is also a clothing brand. Participate in workshops, seminars, fashion shows, and meet guest speakers. Give back to others! Learn about the C.R.O.W.N. Act and people who are making a difference around the world by fighting against hair discrimination.   
n=If/When/How: Lawyering For Reproductive Justice
e=emily.carol-lyn@wayne.edu
d=If/When/How is a national non-profit network of law students, professors, and legal professionals committed to fostering the next wave of legal experts for the reproductive justice movement. Mobilizing and mentoring new lawyers and scholars is a long-term strategy that will build capacity, vision, and leadership for a more successful reproductive justice movement. Law functions as both a catalyst to prompt the expansion of rights and a tool with which to hold governments and communities accountable for the delivery of liberty, equality, dignity, and fairness promised by those rights.   Reproductive justice will exist when all people can exercise the rights and access the resources they need to thrive and to decide if, when, and how to create and sustain a family with dignity, free from discrimination, coercion, or violence. We dedicate ourselves to ensuring access to medically accurate, age-appropriate, culturally competent sex and sexuality education, as well as comprehensive, quality reproductive healthcare, including prenatal care, postnatal care, contraception, abortion services, and alternative reproductive technologies for all people, free from coercion, discrimination, and violence.   Today, a growing number of law schools offer comprehensive courses in reproductive rights, law, and justice, but opportunities for professional training remain scarce. As individuals, each of us faces difficulties obtaining the education and training we need to become strong, successful advocates for reproductive justice. Together, we can change this situation and become a powerful, educated force that defends and expands reproductive rights in the United States and around the world.
n=Ilitch School of Business Toastmasters
e=join@ilitchbusinesstoastmasters.org
d=Ilitch School of Business Toastmasters is Wayne State University's premier public speaking and leadership development organization. We provide a supportive and positive learning experience in which members are empowered to develop communication and leadership skills, resulting in greater self-confidence and personal growth.  Members of Ilitch School of Business Toastmasters aim to be among the most distinguished Toastmasters in the world, demonstrating integrity first, service before self and Warrior Strong excellence in everything we do.
n=Impulse Dance
e=impulsedancewsu@gmail.com
d=A dance group that works toward improving skill and performance. Established in 2017. Progress and other achievements are documented on social media. We work in connection with K-SOUL, which is our sister group focused on casual dance. All skill levels are welcome!
n=Inclusivity, Diversity, and Equity in Action at WSU DPT
e=fo1011@wayne.edu
d=IDEA is a committee that promotes inclusion, diversity, and equity in Wayne State University’s Doctor of Physical Therapy program through education, outreach, and the creation of a safe platform for minority concerns within the WSU Doctor of Physical Therapy program.  Our core values include:    Inclusion -  To promote a safe space for underrepresented students to feel included and involved within WSU DPT Diversity -  To foster diverse representation within the profession through the support and advancement of current and prospective students  Equity - To create equal ownership, representation, and influence within the PT program among current, former, and prospective students of underrepresented backgrounds. Action - To foster a problem-solution based approach in order to effect change. Mission: Education:  Working with faculty to integrate healthcare content relevant to diverse patient populations throughout the educational curriculum Working with faculty to incorporate diversity throughout the educational curriculum to encourage cultural competency within the profession Outreach:  Partnering with WSU undergraduate academic advising to create support pathways for minority students Recruitment of high school and undergraduate students  Creating a safe channel between students and faculty to identify and address the concerns of underrepresented students  
n=Indian Students Association
e=wsuisa@gmail.com
d=The Indian Students Association (ISA) is an organization formed by the student body of Wayne State University (WSU) to bring the Indian community together, to promote Indian culture in the community, and to give back to the community in the form of public volunteer service. We organize various cultural, social, and community service events throughout the year to bring the community together including Gandhi Day, annual Diwali Dinner, annual Cultural Show, and various other activities. Our organization provides an opportunity for all WSU students to share the joy of culture and heritage of India. ISA membership entitles the members to be a part of different types of activities organized by ISA throughout the year and provides free entrance to the members for some of the events.
n=Infectious Disease Interest Group
e=hf1309@wayne.edu
d=The Infectious Disease Interest Group (IDIG) exists to empower medical students to build infectious disease knowledge, and to develop and sustain mentorships within the Wayne State University community. 
n=Information Technology Organization
e=jhamdan@wayne.edu
d=The Association for Information Systems (AIS) is a worldwide organization devoted to education and research. The Information Technology Organization is the Wayne State chapter of AIS. It brings leading practitioners to campus, sponsors information sessions on new technologies, links students to local professionals and organizations in information systems and much more. Membership benefits include: Gaining a competitive advantage to succeed within the field Gaining worldwide recognition through competition and award programs Networking with students from around the world Expanding career opportunities
n=Institute for Healthcare Improvement Wayne State University School of Medicine Chapter
e=waynesomihi@gmail.com
d=The mission of IHI WSUSOM Chapter is to create a collaborative forum engaging students and faculty in patient safety and quality improvement education and research at WSUSOM. We work to create solutions by collaborating directly with medical administration and faculty. Our work has resulted in publications and curriculum changes including but not limited to patient safety days and anatomy lab handoffs. 
n=Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers
e=joseph.devereaux@wayne.edu
d=The room for the Wayne State Chapter of IEEE is located in the College of Engineering room 3212. Meetings are held every other Thursday from 4 to 5 starting on 9/12/19. We focus on transitioning our members from their educational careers to their professional careers. Both professional and educational events are held on a regular basis. For further information please contact the president Joseph Devereaux at joseph.devereaux@wayne.edu
n=Institute of Industrial and Systems Engineers
e=gp6591@wayne.edu
d=The Wayne State University Chapter is devoted to the development and continuous improvement upon the leadership abilities within our student members. Our chapter makes it our responsibility to provide resources to our members, and affiliated persons who are involved in or manage the application, education, training, research or development of industrial engineering.
n=Internal Medicine Interest Group
e=gs8602@wayne.edu
d=IMIG is an organization that promotes interest in the field of internal medicine and subspecalties. We work to offer shadowing opportunities, skills nights and networking to medical students.
n=International Business Association
e=IBA.waynestate@gmail.com
d=The International Business Association is formed to promote an understanding of international business practices through programs and information dissemination to students. The organization will aim to establish interaction between the business students and learn about the international business community.
n=International Relief and Development WSU
e=go3699@wayne.edu
d=This organization is a student fundraising chapter of the national non-profit known as Helping Hand for Relief and Development. “HHRD is a global humanitarian relief and development organization responding to human sufferings in emergency and disaster situations around the world. In addition to our emergency relief efforts in natural or man-made disasters, we also work on long term relief and development programs.” As a student chapter, students at WSU will carry on the mission through fundraising and donations.
n=International Youth Leadership at Wayne State University (IYL-WSU)
e=InternationalYouthLeadership@gmail.com
d=Who Are We? The International Youth Leadership (IYL) is a student organization in High Schools, Colleges, and Universities from around the world established in Detroit, MI, USA, to support non-profit organizations. Our Goal Provide students with educational and cultural programs to spur local potentials and foster global awareness through international opportunities. Our Mission To educate locally and think globally, to build international bridges for unity, harmony, and understanding of our global community by networking and connecting for a better future around the World. What We Do Travel abroad for cultural exchanges. Organize International Delegation Projects Career Training Through Networking with Local Professionals Multicultural Events in the Community  Tutoring to The Youth Be Part of a Dynamic Environment with International Festivals, Summer Camps, and other activities.
n=Internationals @ Wayne State
e=gh5767@wayne.edu
d=A platform for international students to get to know different cultures, make friends, and experience Detroit together!
n=InterVarsity Christian Fellowship
e=gl5649@wayne.edu
d=A multi-ethnic Christian Fellowship that is committed to developing community while learning about and following God.
n=Jewish Medical Students Organization
e=gt3420@wayne.edu
d=
n=Jewish Student Organization
e=hillelpd@wayne.edu
d=The Jewish Student Organization (JSO) creates exciting programs and events for WSU students regarding all that is Jewish. The JSO promotes building & fostering a Jewish community while also striving to make strong connections in other communities. These connections are to help us educate others about Jewish culture and religion, to combat stereotypes and antisemitism and to create religious tolerance and acceptance.  
n=Joining Intersectionality, GENDER, SEXUALITY, and ALLIES at Wayne
e=wsujigsaw@gmail.com
d=Joining Intersectionality, Gender, Sexuality, and Allies at Wayne (J.I.G.S.A.W.) is an all-inclusive organization designed to provide a medium for public exposure to and dialogue on past and current issues affecting LGBTQ individuals. We hope to educate the campus community and Detroit community about these issues, in addition to LGBTQ+ history. J.I.G.S.A.W. is a social & social justice club. Our office is located in the Student Center room 361 (third floor). 
n=Junior Year in Munich
e=jym@wayne.edu
d=Sponsored by Wayne State University since 1953, JYM is America's oldest study abroad program in Germany. For more than 65 years, JYM has advanced study abroad as an integral part of US undergraduate education. More than 4,000 students from 514 US colleges and universities have studied abroad in Germany with JYM. Students from any accredited US or Canadian college or university are welcome to apply for admission to the program. In any given year, students from 35+ US colleges and universities participate in the JYM program.  JYM enjoys privileged status as an affiliated academic institute at LMU Munich approved by the LMU Munich Academic Senate, and is an official course of study (Teil-Studiengang) approved by the Bavarian State Ministry of Culture. Hence our name, the "Junior Year in Munich an der Universität München." JYM students are enrolled at LMU Munich and have access to the full university curriculum in any major, except law and medicine. Students create their course own schedule from among University Courses, JYM Courses (German Language and Area Studies electives), Undergraduate Research Projects and Internships. JYM offers academic year and one-semester program options, and provides $65,000 in program scholarships annually to students in need of financial assistance. All instruction is in German.
n=Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation Club
e=ga5366@wayne.edu
d=Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation Club is a service-oriented organization on Wayne State campus. The purpose of the organization is to raise awareness about Type-1 Diabetes by engaging the members of the club in service-oriented awareness events. The nation's premier service organization. 
n=Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity Incorporated
e=hunsab1927@gmail.com
d=Kappa Alpha Psi (ΚΑΨ) fraternity Incorporated was founded January 5th, 1911 on the campus of Indiana University in Bloomington Indiana. The fraternity was founded upon the principal of Achievement in every field of human endeavor. The founders of Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity, Inc. are: Elder Watson Diggs, more affectionately known as 'The Dreamer', Dr. Ezra D. Alexander, Dr. Byron Kenneth Armstrong, Atty. Henry Tourner Asher, Dr. Marcus Peter Blakemore, Paul Waymond Caine, George Wesley Edmonds, Dr. Guy Levis Grant, Edward Giles Irvin, and Sgt. John Milton Lee.   The Alpha Beta chapter of Kappa Alpha Psi fraternity incorporated was founded on the campus of Wayne State university January 28th 1927. Better known as "The Huns", Alpha Beta has been the front runner for Wayne State University and the city of Detroit for over 91 years and counting.  The fraternity colors are crimson and cream. The fraternity flower is the red carnation with a crimson tint.  The fraternity is divided into twelve provinces.  Northern (States Covered: Northwest OH, MI, Western NY) Eastern (States Covered: DC, MD, VA, Bermuda) Southern (States Covered: AL, FL, Grand Bahamas, Republic of Panama, U.S. Virgin Islands) Western (States Covered: AZ, CA, NV, AK, OR, WA, ID, UT, HI, Japan, South Korea) North Eastern (States Covered: DE, CT, MA, NJ, Eastern PA, RI, Eastern NY, ME, NH, VT, Germany, United Kingdom) South Eastern (States Covered: GA, SC, South Africa) South Western (States Covered: AR, LA, Southern MS, NM, TX) North Central (States Covered: IA, IL, IN, WI, MN) East Central (States Covered: OH, Western PA, Northern WV) South Central (States Covered: KY, TN, Northern MS) Middle Eastern (States Covered: NC, Southern WV) Middle Western (States Covered: CO, KS, MO, NE, OK) Kappa Alpha Psi has chartered over 721 undergraduate, alumni, and international chapters. The fraternity has over 150,000 members and is divided into the twelve provinces Alpha Beta is apart of the Northern Province.    Kappa Alpha Psi is a Non-Hazing organization.
n=Kappa Delta Sorority
e=gammaomicroncouncil@gmail.com
d=The Gamma Omicron Chapter of Kappa Delta Sorority was chartered at Wayne State University on November 15th, 1958. Our chapter is committed to building confidence in our members by providing opportunities and experiences that inspire women to greatness. In order to grow through philanthropy, leadership, scholarship, and friendship, we encourage our members to not only be involved within the chapter but also in the Wayne State University and Detroit community to further enhance their collegiate experience. Between athletic events, community service, social functions, and sisterhood events our calendar is always full of exciting things to participate in. Kappa Delta Sorority is a member of the National Panhellenic Conference.
n=Kappa Psi Pharmaceutical Fraternity
e=muomicronpi@kappapsi.org
d=Professional Pharmaceutical Fraternity established to advance the profession of pharmacy
n=Keep Improving Detroit Schools
e=gg8233@wayne.edu
d=We are an organization founded on the belief that one of the best ways to help children excel in school is to lessen the external burdens that are typically experienced by students in the inner city. We aim to supply whatever supplies and services are needed for students to succeed within Detroit Public Schools. We assess each school based on their individual needs and, through working with K-8 administration, strive to provide resources to assure that students are free to learn without obstacles like financial concerns adding unnecessary stress to their learning environment. We are an organization grounded in principles of equity and equal opportunity for all. We plan to act on these principles within the community of DPS.
n=Lambda Chi Beta Chapter of Chi Eta Phi Sorority, Incorporated
e=aq6139@wayne.edu
d=We are the undergraduate chapter of Chi Eta Phi Sorority, Incorporated, located in the Middle West Region representing Wayne State University (Lambda Chi Beta chapter) . Our overall mission is the, "Encouragement of the pursuit of continuing education. Recruitment programs for health careers. Stimulation of a close and friendly relationship among members. Development of working relationships with other professional groups. Identification of a core of nursing leaders who affect social changes at the national, regional and local levels"
n=Lambda Kappa Sigma
e=waynestatelks@gmail.com
d=Lambda Kappa Sigma (LKS) was founded in 1913 as the International Women's Professional Pharmacy Fraternity that promotes women in pharmacy. LKS includes more than 25,000 members internationally, with 45 collegiate chapters and 36 alumni chapters chartered. Our motto is Esse Quam Videri - “To be, rather than to seem to be”. Our core values are sisterhood, scholarship, leadership, Service, and integrity. 
n=Lambda Theta Alpha Latin Sorority, Incorporated
e=lovelylambdaladies@gmail.com
d=The purpose of Lambda Theta Alpha shall be to provide a sisterhood based on unity, love and respect in an effort to foster the development of strong leaders who will then provide and practice political, social and cultural activities. It shall also be the purpose of Lambda Theta Alpha to promote unity through charitable and educational programs, maintain a higher standard of learning and serve as a voice for all students. In 1975, a vision was born. This vision was of a sisterhood that would cater to the needs of Latinas and the Universal Woman. With the faith and determination of 17 ladies, this vision became a reality. These ladies would soon become known as the 17 Founding Mothers of Lambda Theta Alpha Latin Sorority, Incorporated...the FIRST Latin sorority in the nation. These amazing women are: Ileana Almaguer, Cecilia Alvarez, Carmen Baez, Karen Capra, Doris Cruz, Arlene Fernandez, Eneida Figueroa, Maria Gautier, Teresa Gonzalez, Thomasa Gonzalez, Diana Ibarria, † Lillian Marrero - Lambda Angel, Ofelia Oviedo, Linda Perez, Aurora "Dory" Rodriguez, Maria del Carmen Vega, Marilyn Wyatt. The organization's focus was to integrate itself with the social, educational, political, and community service arena that students had already been involved with. Together as a front, the ladies would make their voices heard. With over 150 chapters across the nation, including Puerto Rico, and 40+ years since founding, LTA continues to strive with the same goals and principles of Unity, Love, and Respect. In the Spring Semester of 2001, five ladies, also known as the "Five Dimensions of Unity," became the Founding Sisters of Lambda Theta Alpha Latin Sorority, Inc. - Beta Omega Chapter at Wayne State University. They truly paved the way in establishing not only the first Latina sorority at WSU, but also the FIRST multicultural Greek organization to ever exist on campus.
n=Language Coalition
e=thelanguagecoalition@gmail.com
d=
n=Languages + Global Studies
e=chris.clark@wayne.edu
d=We offer beginning-advanced courses in Arabic, Spanish, Japanese, Chinese, Italian, French, German, Hebrew, Modern Greek, Ancient Greek, Latin, Polish, and Russian. We also have broad culture and literature courses. If you've ever wanted to travel or learn more about the world, we can help!
n=Latino Medical Student Organization/ Amigos Medicos
e=gn0498@wayne.edu
d=The Latino Medical Student Association/ Amigos Medicos supports underserved Hispanic & Latino populations in the Detroit area through clinical, mentoring and outreach opportunities in the local community. We provide mentorship opportunities and advocate for medical students of Hispanic and Latino heritage Our specific programs include: All Saints clinic – Most Tuesdays (10am-12pm) and Wednesdays (11am-1pm) we provide blood pressure checks, glucose screenings, and general counselling and resource connections for individuals receiving food assistance at the All Saints Church in SW Detroit. Dr. Appel accompanies us most Wednesdays of the month. We have engaged more than 40 medical students in volunteering at the clinic at various times.   Gleaner’s Mercado Food Hub – we help pack orders, distribute food and provide nutritional advice to a largely Spanish-speaking population. This is on a sign-up by sign-up bases, but we send monthly reminders to the entire class of 300 medical students to volunteer.  Cesar Chavez High School Tutoring – we run the “medical club” in the high school to help students learn about science and possible careers in medicine. This runs approximately monthly during the high school academic year. Medical Spanish Lessons – given 1-2 times a month during lunch hours for medical students to practice conversational Spanish and learn Spanish medical jargon. We offer both beginner and advanced lessons.  Hilton Head Trip: We sent 5 medical students to act as Spanish interpreters at a free health clinic in South Carolina for a one week Spring break trip. Chass Clinic 5K - The CHASS clinic of southwest Detroit is a community-based, not for profit organization formed to develop, promote, and provide comprehensive, accessible and affordable primary health care and support services to all residents of the community, with special emphasis on the underserved African-American and Latino population. We partnered with them to promote and run their annual 5K race. Additionally, we provided blood pressure screenings before and after the race to participants.
n=Latinx Law Students Association
e=shirleyrivas@wayne.edu
d=LaLSA seeks to promote understanding of the Latinx community by sponsoring academic, professional, cultural, social, and community service activities for our members and the law school as a whole.
n=LatinX Student Association
e=latinx@wayne.edu
d=The LatinX Student Association is a multicultural and inclusive organization that aims to engage, educate, and celebrate Latino culture. Through campus involvement we can educate the student body on prevalent issues within the Latino community to encourage change and advocacy. Through community outreach we create a network of professionals, give back to our Detroit communities, and bring in prospective students into the University. This organization is based on three principles: cultural appreciation, community outreach, and campus involvement, in which all promote our mission of inclusion.
n=Lean In at Wayne State University
e=leaninwsu@gmail.com
d=Lean In is a global community spanning 150 countries that brings women from different backgrounds and professions together. The goal of the Wayne State chapter is to provide women with a supportive community so that they can pursue their goals and strive to be leaders in every field. As a university chapter of the international organization Lean In, our goal is to create a supportive environment for women of all backgrounds to lift each other higher and strive for leadership and excellence across all industries.  
n=Learning Communities Program
e=learningcommunities@wayne.edu
d=Learning Communities are small groups of students with similar interests working closely together in a "community of learners." Students, along with advanced student mentors and a faculty advisor, study, socialize and problem-solve together.
n=Lebanese Student Association
e=lsawaynestate@gmail.com
d=The Lebanese Student Association is an organization aiming to unite and serve the Lebanese community on campus while educating the general student body of Wayne State University about Lebanese culture and society. Through various social, cultural, and professional events, we hope to unite students of all backgrounds as we promote and celebrate our Lebanese culture and heritage. We also aim to continue enriching the diverse campus of Wayne State University.
n=LGBT+ People in Medicine
e=lauren.varvatos@med.wayne.edu
d=Our Mission: To foster an accepting and supportive environment for LGBTQ+ students and allies, educate our peers about LGBTQ+ health and social issues, and serve the Detroit LGBTQ+ community through clinical volunteering and outreach, increasing awareness about health issues and working with community organizations. Clinical volunteering at Corktown Health Center: Health screening counseling, telemedicine phone calls, blood pressure checks, patient education Education and community outreach: Workshops with speakers (healthcare providers, LGBTQ+ patients, community members), games, Detroit outreach Social events and communication: Social media outreach, social events (Pride month, mixers, drag bingo) Fundraising: Merchandise sales, fundraising events Tech: LGBTQ+ health website and app development Research and networking: Research projects, LGBTQ+ health-related conferences
n=LINK
e=Fj6345@wayne.edu
d=LINK is an organization that consists of Wayne State Students determined to give back to the community through encouraging volunteerism among students. Through networking, community engagement, and social advocacy, LINK members will be exposed and have a connection with a multitude of programs that tackle the various disparities that plague the Detroit Community. Disparities that have especially become evident during the COVID-19 pandemic. We strive to spread awareness of these problems through participating in programs such as the Gleaners Food Bank or Racquet Up Detroit as we find it crucial to build a positive, long-lasting impact not as individuals, but as a team. As an organization we also plan to participate in mentorship programs for disadvantaged youths and students that come from underserved backgrounds with the mission of sharing our life experiences in hope of helping guide them through whatever positive avenues they choose.
n=Macedonian-American Student Association
e=ge1658@wayne.edu
d=The Macedonian-American Student Association (MASA) was formed in 2004 at Wayne State University based on the principles of uniting students of Macedonian heritage, educating students and the public about Macedonian culture, heritage, and history, and contributing to the local community, as well as the Republic of Macedonia, through charity work, fundraisers, and social events. MASA is open to all students who wish to become members. Members of MASA chapters at other universities, members of other student organizations, as well as members of the public and Macedonian diaspora are more than welcome to participate in any of our events if they wish. In addition to Wayne State University, there are also MASA chapters at the Universities of Michigan Ann-Arbor and Dearborn, Michigan State University, Oakland University, and Eastern Michigan University. "Pull up a chair, and join the MASA!" ("Masa" means table in Macedonian)
n=MAFIA Dance Team Incorporated
e=mafiadance@wayne.edu
d=Our mission as MAFIA Dance Team Incorporated for as long as we exist will be to empower youth, especially minority youth and those of which who do not have access to a performing arts education with the ability to create, maintain, manage, and direct a professional dance company as well as push our members to their fullest potential and maximum artistic, and physical versatility.
n=Make HERstory
e=herstorywsu@gmail.com
d=
n=Mathematics Literacy Services
e=Dp0963@wayne.edu
d=Assisting students with aspects of mathematics and mathematics-related courses.
n=MedAssist
e=medassist.wsu@gmail.com
d=The mission of MedAssist is to provide medical equipment such as, but are not limited to, blood pressure cuffs, blood glucose monitors, blood strips, etc. to individuals who are in vital need locally. By donating this medical equipment, we hope to provide individuals with an opportunity to better manage/monitor illness within their homes. Not only do we anticipate donating medical supplies to individuals, but also strive to provide individuals with educational resources, which will enable them to understand their diseases better. In achieving this we aim to reduce health-related disparities in Detroit. 
n=MedDent Health Relief Organization WSU
e=meddenthealth.wayne@gmail.com
d=
n=Medical Ethics Interest Group
e=MEIG.WSUSOM@gmail.com
d=The Medical Ethics Interest Group (MEIG) is an organization of medical students at Wayne State University School of Medicine dedicated to promoting and enabling education, experiences, and projects in the field of biomedical ethics. The MEIG endeavors to provide students with the opportunity to explore the academic field of biomedical ethics while also providing a forum to discuss and debate issues of biomedical ethics alongside one’s traditional medical education. The MEIG serves as a resource for any medical student at WSUSOM hoping to make meaningful forays into the field of biomedical ethics.
n=Medical Student Garden
e=medicalstudentgarden@gmail.com
d=The first aim of this organization is to provide opportunities for medical students to learn gardening and nutrition to help future clients make the connection between gardening and health.  This will be accomplished by running our own garden at a church nearby the school, working with community partners to provide additional gardening volunteer opportunities for students around the city, and working to create nutrition education resources for the community.  Second, this organization will work with local partners, such as the food bank at the church where produce will be grown, to donate produce to community members seeking food assistance.  Furthermore, in our partnership with the local gardening organization, Keep Growing Detroit, we will work to provide educational content for community members receiving our produce.  In doing so, this organization will benefit community health and help students make meaningful connections between agriculture, nutrition, and the needs of the community in which we serve.
n=Medical Students for Choice
e=pule.wang@med.wayne.edu
d=The purpose of Medical Students for Choice (MSFC) is to educate students about issues facing women’s reproductive healthcare, including abortion, as well as to provide enriching opportunities for students related to clinical exposure, community engagement, and advocacy. MSFC events are inclusive to all students, regardless of gender, race, religion, or political affiliation. We actively collaborates with other student organizations to better understand the complex perspectives regarding reproductive justice. Our activities include: hosting documentary screenings, educational sessions, and speaker seminars; engaging in reproductive healthcare advocacy; fundraising for ally organizations; volunteering with community partners; and attending national MSFC conferences.
n=MEDLIFE at Wayne State University
e=medlife.wayne@gmail.com
d=MEDLIFE stands for Medicine, Education, and Development for Low Income Families Everywhere. In October 2013, the MEDLIFE chapter at Wayne State University was founded. Despite starting the organization mid-year, students from a variety of fields worked together to give those in need a helping hand. Through multiple fundraisers, from bake sales to a masquerade dance, the students raised over $2,000 towards the construction of the Wawa Wasi Day Care Center in Lima, Peru. By volunteering for over 250 hours in Detroit itself, MEDLIFE at WSU partnered with Woodbridge Community Youth Center to spend time with children in the after school hours. In this upcoming year, the chapter is planned on growing exponentially. With the goal of helping people in Peru, Ecuador, Tanzania, and India, the chapter is hoping to make a permanent impact in the lives of thousands. Anyone can go on mobile clinic trips during ANY time of the year and they give students a chance to make a difference and become a part of the MEDLIFE family!
n=Melodytroit
e=melodytroit@gmail.com
d=Melodytroit is a co-ed group performing contemporary a cappella on Wayne State's campus. Auditions for the group are held around the beginning of the Fall semester. Melodytroit can be found on Instagram @Melodytroit. Feel free to send us an email at melodytroit@gmail.com 
n=Mental Health Matters
e=Gk1656@wayne.edu
d=This organization was established to bring more attention to a significant and under-recognized issue. Mental health has long been stigmatized, and it is up to us, the students, to change it. Everyone should contribute to making a positive difference in the world. We aim to create a safe place for all students to find the necessary tools and support they need. Our emotional, psychological, and social well-being are all part of our mental health. It has an effect on how we think, feel, and behave in our daily lives. It also influences how we deal with tension, interact with others, and make decisions. Mental health is a very real issue that needs to be recognized on a greater level. Let us work together as students to raise awareness on this critical issue. Mission statement:  "Mental Health Matters' vision is to shed light on a very real issue. We are working together as students to end the stigma. We aim to create a safe support group to help students find the resources they need and the comfort they seek." Add us on Instagram! @WSU.MHM 
n=Middle Eastern Law Student Association
e=wsulawmelsa@gmail.com
d=The Middle Eastern Law Student Association (MELSA) is aimed at furthering minority representation at Wayne Law and throughout the legal field. We plan on organizing various events to expose Wayne Law students to opportunities available to students and provide a better understanding of Middle Eastern culture.
n=Mike Ilitch Marketing Association
e=wsumima@wayne.edu
d=The Mike Ilitch Marketing Association seeks to bridge the gap between students and professionals by hosting employer events, speaking engagements, and workshops to ensure marketing professionals are better prepared for the workplace.   If interested in joining please email wsumima@wayne.edu
n=Mike Ilitch School of Business
e=ilitchbusiness@wayne.edu
d=The mission of the Mike Ilitch School of Business at Wayne State University is to prepare our students for challenging and rewarding careers, advance the boundaries of scholarly and practitioner knowledge, and enhance the economic vitality of the city of Detroit, the state of Michigan and beyond through our programs, research and community engagement. We offer undergraduate, graduate and certificate programs in accounting, big data and analytics, entrepreneurship, finance, information systems management, management, global supply chain management and marketing.
n=Mike Ilitch School of Business Student Senate
e=BSenate@wayne.edu
d=The mission of the Business Student Senate is to serve as an avenue of communication between students and the faculty & administrators at Wayne State University. Our goal is to promote and foster a professional environment through enriching activities, campus events, collaboration with the local business community, and community service.
n=MindMeditate WSU
e=hd3172@wayne.edu
d=General outline of the club: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JIpPORYYe2PrN4N88524BwdHq0B6FxqM3DnEehLMmtw/edit?usp=sharing   Website: https://mindmedwsu.webnode.com/  
n=Minority Association of Pre-Medical Students
e=waynestatemaps@wayne.edu
d=MAPS is the undergraduate branch of the medical school organization Student National Medical Association, or SNMA. This initiative of the Student National Medical Association (SNMA) represents future underrepresented medical students. MAPS was designed to enrich the academic and professional skills of pre-health students by exposing them to the medical field, supplying academic resources and providing networking opportunities, thereby producing successful and competitive candidates at their respective medical or health related professionals. MAPS, in doing so, will also educate and increase the awareness of all people on campus to various important health topics.
n=MIST Wayne State
e=gl3654@wayne.edu
d=MIST is a series of competitions for high school students held over one weekend at Wayne State. Current WSU students plan, organize, and judge the competitions.
n=Morris Hood Scholars Alumni Association
e=kurt.troutman@wayne.edu
d=
n=Mort Harris Recreation & Fitness Center
e=az5292@wayne.edu
d=
n=Mortuary Science Students Organization
e=gv6379@wayne.edu
d=Mortuary science is the study of the deceased through mortuary work. The Bachelor’s Degree of Mortuary Science focuses on: 1. To enlarge the background and knowledge of students about the funeral service profession; 2. To educate students in every phase of funeral service and to help enable them to develop proficiency and skills necessary for the profession; 3. To educate students concerning the responsibilities of the funeral service profession to the community at large; 4. To emphasize high standards of ethical conduct;  The organization works with businesses within our field to expand career and advanced learning opportunities. Fundraising will go to support our year end celebrations for graduates and classmates.
n=Motor City Wesley
e=info@motorcitywesley.org
d=Motor City Wesley is a network of student-led teams putting their Christian faith into action through creativity, community and conspiracy.  $100 micro grants help students launch "conspiracies of goodness" in support of Detroit communities.  Weekly discussions enhanced by visiting speakers help students explore practices of justice, love, mercy and grace. Focus areas for projects and conversations include faith-based responses to homelessness, poverty, healthy food access, medical access, and race. MotoWesley is dedicated to the inclusion of all people in our practices regardless of race, gender, sexual orientation, religious tradition, economic status or other dividing line. MotoWesley is a ministry on multiple campuses sponsored by the Young Leaders Initiative, with substantial support also provided by covenant partner churches.
n=Multicultural Counselors Connection
e=mcc@wayne.edu
d=The Multicultural Counselors Connection is a student organization for Wayne State University's counseling and art therapy graduate students. We promote multicultural exchange in a relaxed and open atmosphere. At MCC, we... Learn about your fellow students’ culture. Ask questions and find answers from others. Share your concerns and opinions in a friendly but uncensored way. Increase your multicultural competency and network with your peers! As the only student counseling organization at Wayne State University, MCC is also invested in representing counseling students and their educational interests as well as advocate for the counseling profession in general.
n=Multicultural Greek Council
e=mgcwaynestate@gmail.com
d=The Greek Council consisting of the seven various multicultural organizations on campus. These organizations include Delta Phi Omega  Sorority, Inc., Lambda Theta Alpha Latin Sorority, Inc., Sigma Beta Rho Fraternity Inc., Sigma Lambda Beta International Fraternity Inc., Sigma Lambda Gamma National Sorority, Inc., Sigma Sigma Rho Sorority, Inc., and Theta Nu Xi Multicultural Sorority, Inc.
n=Muslim Students' Association
e=waynestatemsa@gmail.com
d=The MSA essentially represents the Muslim community at Wayne State University. It describes a group of individuals who come together to learn more about Islam, represent it properly, and enjoy university experiences at the same time. Members of MSA at Wayne State are vibrant, progressive students dedicated to promoting understanding and cooperation between people of different faiths and backgrounds. Throughout the year the general body works to engage Muslims on campus through interesting activities and events. Over the past few years we have grown into a very active organization that serves campus Non-Muslim and Muslim communities alike. Our servitude comes in the form of events such as Islam Awareness Week, Fast-a-thon, Dawah tables, Interfaith understanding events and workshops. Through outreach, we collaborate with organizations in the surrounding area to create community service events such as the Syrian Baby Clothes Drives, Gleaners food bank, and participation in soup kitchens. We also host weekly Friday prayers that are open to the public, sisters and brothers gatherings, and monthly outings. Whether it is spiritual, personal, or academic, the MSA strives to build a dynamic on-campus community
n=NAMI Warriors
e=NAMIWarriors@wayne.edu
d=NAMI, National Alliance on Mental Illness, is the nation’s largest grassroots mental health organization dedicated to advocacy and spreading awareness. NAMI Warriors supports the mission of NAMI and NAMI Detroit, through student and community engagement, programming and education.
n=National Arab American Medical Association NextGen WSU Chapter
e=gw3563@wayne.edu
d=NAAMA NextGen is an incubator in NAAMA which is geared towards enhancing the careers of young undergrad and graduate students in their 20’s empowering them to play a key role in healthcare advocacy and community service. As a part of a national organization, NAAMA NextGen focuses on promoting the professional and social goals of American medical and dental students and residents of Arab heritage. NAAMA NextGen will make available to its members, resources to help unlock their potential and aspirations to have a career in healthcare. Such resources include and are not limited to: Involvement with mentorships Clinical and scientific research Seminars focusing on Medical School admission, applications, and interviews Graduate school entrance exams, burnout and stress management Participation in national and international healthcare community service Cultural programs Exchange programs with Universities and Colleges in the Middle East
n=National Association of Black Accountants, Inc. Wayne State University Student Chapter
e=naba@wayne.edu
d=In 1969, nine African-Americans met in New York City to discuss the unique challenges and limited opportunities they faced in the accounting profession. In that year, there were only 136 African-American Certified Public Accountants (CPA's) out of a total of 100,000 in the United States. The Wayne State University Student Chapter is an intimate organization composed of individuals committed to upholding the principles of academic excellence, professional development, and social responsibility.
n=National Society of Black Engineers
e=president.nsbewsu@gmail.com
d=
n=Native American Student Organization
e=naso@wayne.edu
d=The organization will be informally referred to as, NASO. The purpose of the Native American Student Organization is to provide cultural and educational opportunities to Wayne State University and surrounding communities. NASOs goals are to improve communication, outreach, and unite Native American students and allies at WSU and to gain more knowledge of Native heritage and culture while helping to better the community in various ways.
n=Natura
e=hf5912@wayne.edu
d=Natura is an organization all about making the Earth a better place to live on, for us and future generations to come. The mission of this organization is to educate, encourage, and provide resources to individuals about the planet in various ways such as promoting sustainability, recycling, upcycling, cleaning the Earth, and living a greener life. 
n=Net Impact
e=meganbaran@wayne.edu
d=Net Impact is an international nonprofit organization founded in 1993 with over 350 chapters. Its members are dedicated to using business as a force to create a positive impact on society. Members’ interests include sustainability, corporate social responsibility, international development, social entrepreneurship, and nonprofit management. Wayne State University’s Net Impact mission is to connect undergraduate and graduate students to make a difference on campus, the community, and the world. We provide local community events and events sponsored by Net Impact for members to connect, learn, and collaborate.
n=Neuroscience
e=neuroscience@wayne.edu
d=Neuroscience is the interdisciplinary scientific study of the nervous system. It encompasses a broad array of disciplines including biology, biochemistry, chemistry, physiology, computer science, psychology, philosophy, biomedical engineering, physics, and many more. This diversity reflects the complexity of the nervous system and the challenges in understanding how nervous systems function on the multiple levels of molecules, cells, networks, and systems. To train students to meet these challenges, the Neuroscience major encompasses a broad base of experiences to provide the knowledge and skills needed to study and understand the nervous system from a variety of perspectives. Students will emerge with a strong foundation in basic science and applied neuroscience that will make them competitive for post-graduate studies or employment in industry, government, health, and education.  The bachelor of science degree in neuroscience is offered jointly through the Departments of Biological Sciences and Psychology. Wayne State hosts a chapter of the National Honor Society in Neuroscience, Nu Rho Psi. Visit their organization page here: https://getinvolved.wayne.edu/organization/wsunurhopsi
n=New Life
e=info@newlifedetroit.org
d=We hope to impact the lives of Wayne State Students with the message of the gospel, and encourage community with our students. New Life has Sunday services outdoors within walking distance of campus at 3rd and Calumet at 9:29am and other gatherings on zoom throughout the week!
n=Newman Catholic Center
e=newman@wayne.edu
d=We are a Catholic community of students helping each other to grow in our faith. We are located on the 7th floor of the Student Center Building. Come and enjoy our chapel, lounge, kitchen and study rooms!
n=Nu Rho Psi National Honor Society
e=nurhopsi@wayne.edu
d=The purpose of Nu Rho Psi is to: (1) encourage professional interest and excellence in scholarship, particularly in neuroscience;  (2) award recognition to students who have achieved such excellence in scholarship; (3) advance the discipline of neuroscience; (4) encourage intellectual and social interaction between students, faculty, and professionals in neuroscience and related fields; (5) promote career development in neuroscience and related fields; (6) increase public awareness of neuroscience and its benefits for the individual and society; and (7) encourage service to the community.
n=Nutrition and Food Science Club
e=qingai@wayne.edu
d=The objectives of the CLUB is to foster a close relationship among the Nutrition and Food Science Department students and the faculty at Wayne State University, to encourage leadership, to optimize the professional development of fellow students and to acquaint students with the scope of Nutrition, food science and technology.
n=Oakland HOPE at WSU
e=fz7014@wayne.edu
d=Our student organization works alongside the nonprofit organization called Oakland HOPE which assists suburban poverty found across Oakland County. Ways our student organizations help's Oakland HOPE is by finding volunteers for the many day to day operations. These volunteering opportunities include helping with the food pantry, thrift store, and working alongside the tech team at Oakland HOPE. Also, spreading the word about this awesome organization is one of our main goals to help give back to the community. 
n=Office of International Programs
e=gabstrz@wayne.edu
d=The Office of International Programs (OIP) encourages and facilitates the exchange of students and scholars between its domestic campuses in Southeast Michigan and educational and research facilities around the world. It also advances the university's global agenda by expanding Wayne State's presence abroad and identifying diverse global applications for university-supported research and innovations. Finally, it is a nexus of academics, culture and business, connecting the Metro Detroit community with university, cultural, and corporate constituencies, locally and abroad. OIP comprises the Office of International Students and Scholars, which receives and supports students and academics coming to Metro Detroit; the Office of Study Abroad and Global Programs, which assists Wayne State students pursuing an educational experience outside the United States; and the English Language Institute, an intensive program that prepares non-native English speakers for academic and social success.
n=Office of Marketing and Communications
e=marketing@wayne.edu
d=The MAC team works to raise the stature of Wayne State and its prominence in the fields of undergraduate and graduate education, research and community service. To accomplish this, we lead the institution's branding efforts and collaborate with schools and colleges, offices and departments, faculty, staff, students and alumni in activities designed to support the goals and objectives of individual units and the overall university.
n=Office of Military & Veterans Academic Excellence
e=omvae@wayne.edu
d=The Wayne State University Office of Military and Veterans Academic Excellence (OMVAE) is dedicated to providing high quality and comprehensive support to student veterans in an environment that fosters respect, commitment, and academic excellence.  We serve as the veteran resource center for Wayne State University providing both direct and liaison services for all education and administrative matters pertaining to our student veterans, their families, and the military community at large.  OMVAE will work to pro-actively meet the challenges posed to student veterans and strive to do so with creativity and innovation in all that they do.
n=Office of Multicultural Student Engagement
e=omse@wayne.edu
d=The Office of Multicultural Student Engagement (OMSE) seeks to cultivate a safe campus environment where we value, promote, and celebrate identities among all student who engage with our office, while intentionally offering initiatives that positively address and impact retention and graduation rates of students that arrive at WSU underrepresented and at risk. Our office is located on the seventh floor of the Student Center, and has excellent views of the New Center and the Fisher building. We have an exclusive space reserved just for students to come collaborate and study. The study space is open during regular office hours which are Monday thru Friday 8:30 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.
n=Office of the President
e=president@wayne.edu
d=Since his appointment as the 12th president of Wayne State University in August 2013, President M. Roy Wilson has pursued his vision to transform the university into the preeminent, public, urban research university known for academic and research excellence.
n=Old Main Records
e=oldmainrecords@gmail.com
d=Old Main Records is a record label operated by Wayne State Students. This organization is focused on helping local artists record, release and perform original material. Members can gain experience in event promotion, marketing, recording, and more!  At Old Main Records we are focused on creating a community of talented people from different specialties that include but are not limited to art, music, technology, and business. If you are interested in joining Old Main Records please contact us! If you are an artist interested in working with Old Main Records submit an artist application at the following link. https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfW2tiaop-2OKXtEjMV1zxVcru0QwPOaIM4WSJg-4QS-paLWg/viewform?vc=0&c=0&w=1&fbclid=IwAR3OUOtH1sbr8rWygvOWb-XKXwrBantcf2TALxMPXoCMi4UrfRePGVE7p1Y
n=Omega Psi Phi Fraternity Inc.
e=nusigmabasileus@oppf.org
d=Omega Psi Phi Fraternity, Inc. is the first international fraternal organization to be founded on the campus of a historically black college. Omega Psi Phi was founded on November 17, 1911, at Howard University in Washington, D.C. The founders were three Howard University undergraduates, -- Edgar Amos Love, Oscar James Cooper and Frank Coleman. Joining them was their faculty advisor, Dr. Ernest Everett Just. From the initials of the Greek phrase meaning, "Friendship is Essential to the Soul," the name Omega Psi Phi was derived. That phrase was selected as the motto. Manhood, Scholarship, Perseverance and Uplift were adopted as Cardinal Principles.
n=Omicron Chi
e=muthu@wayne.edu
d=
n=One World Medical Mission WSU chapter
e=owmmwsu@wayne.edu
d=We are a chapter affiliated with One World Medical Mission, which is an organization developed to help those who are in need of medical attention due to the war but can't afford to live and people in poverty in general.
n=OptimizeWayne
e=gh5260@wayne.edu
d=OptimizeWayne empowers Wayne State students to actualize their visions for positive social impact through our annual 5 month Social Innovation Challenge. Through our monthly workshops, modules, mentor meetings, and more, we give you the foundation needed to start up your social change project, organization, or business. At the end of it, pitch to our judges to win up to $10,000!
n=Orientation Part Two
e=orientation2@wayne.edu
d=Orientation Part Two (O2) signals the start of the fall semester for incoming students and will take place virtually on August 31, 2020. During the event, you'll meet new people, be officially welcomed by the WSU community and learn how to succeed overall at WSU. All incoming first-year students are required to attend Orientation Part Two. Attendance is strongly recommended for transfer students. We encourage you to invite your parents and family members to our day's programming.   Visit go.wayne.edu/o2 for more information!
n=Pakistani Student Association
e=waynestatepsa@gmail.com
d=Pakistani Student Association's goal is to spread awareness about Pakistan's culture to Wayne state as well as connect Pakistanis to embrace their own culture. We work throughout the year to fund and donate charities throughout Pakistan as well as Detroit, because both places will always be home.
n=Paper Bridges WSU
e=gn7613@wayne.edu
d=
n=Partners in Health Engage
e=Pihengagewsu@gmail.com
d=Partners In Health builds global health care delivery systems and serves the poor; PIH Engage brings resources and builds power to stabilize the financing of these systems. We recruit and train teams of volunteer organizers to raise funds and engage with policy makers, focusing all of our actions on the three pillars of PIH Engage: advocacy, fundraising, and education. Join us to support health equity through advocacy, political engagement, and community service! 
n=Pathologists' Assistant Community Diversity Team
e=lillian.erickson@wayne.edu
d=What: a safe place to discuss issues of diversity, race, and culture with the PAA program, Pathologists’ Assistant profession, healthcare industry, and the greater community of both Detroit and America with a goal of working toward positive change. Who: PAA students of the 2020 class, 2021 class, and 2022 class Where: via Zoom, with a hope to move toward gathering on campus when safe and allowed Goals: To provide PAA students a safe, inclusive place to discuss issues of diversity, race, and culture To promote the sharing of diverse voices, experiences, and perspectives that are often not heard or acknowledged To recognize the complex mix of emotions that have emerged with recent events and provide an outlet to express them To promote justice and equality through cooperation, Allyship, and acknowledgement of both privilege and, as writen by our Dean, Dr. Lysack: “the recognition of such unremitting inequalities and injustices in our society, including systemic racism” To support and uplift our peers that are so often marginalized To come together with our peers and make positive change within the PAA program and our greater community To adhere to our Professional Code of Conduct as PA students in working toward improving our Cultural Competence: “Identify, respect, and act with consideration for peers, instructors, and coworkers’ differences, values, preferences, and expressed needs in all professional and academic activities.” To allow the needs of the group to drive the structure and content of our meetings
n=Pathology Student Interest Group
e=gc7211@wayne.edu
d=
n=Pauseitivity
e=pauseitivity@wayne.edu
d=Pauseitivity will work with student volunteers to carry out small acts of kindness on campus and encourage others to pass it along to spread a positive atmosphere on campus. Kindness and looking out for each other is too often taken for granted, especially in times we need it the most when academics and other things in our personal and professional lives become overwhelming. Pauseitivity will provide a safe, relaxing atmosphere to spread positivity, destress, and share students' goals and concerns through projects, fun events and activities.
n=Paws for a Cause
e=pawsforacausewsu@gmail.com
d="The greatness of a nation can be judged by the way its animals are treated.” - Mahatma Gandhi Paws for a Cause is a student organization designed to connect animal lovers with animals in need, as well as each other! We hope to create a positive impact in the lives of animals in Detroit through fundraising, volunteering, and raising awareness of the cruelty that they face in our community everyday. Additionally, we hope to foster a love and respect for animals across campus.
n=Pediatric Interest Group
e=gs7860@wayne.edu
d=For medical students interested in learning about pediatrics. We provide monthly lunch seminars, volunteering opportunities, and fundraising events.
n=Pediatric Pharmacy Advocacy Group WSU Chapter
e=gb1812@wayne.edu
d=PPAG Student organization is a WSU organization. PediaWarriors Pediatric Pharmacy Association is composed of elected board members and general membership from the WSU-EACPHS student body who are all committed to improving the health care and health of children. Our purpose is to educate the community and future health care professionals about the importance of pharmacy care in pediatric care.  Objectives To give back to the community that gives back to children Educate the student body and faculty about current issues in pediatric pharmacy and medical care.  
n=Peer Assisted Learning
e=hg3807@wayne.edu
d=
n=People of Intense Self-Expression
e=Poisewsu@gmail.com
d=People of Intense Self Expression (POISE) is a student organization created to promote free self-expression amongst students and support the Wayne State community and surrounding areas. Utilizing the arts, it partners with other organizations to give back to people in need. POISE encourages all forms of artistic expression. It develops programs that create opportunities for students to make personal, professional and campus-oriented connections and progress. POISE addresses modern-day social issues with a holistic approach that encourages diversity and inclusion. Through positive body imagery and messaging, equal opportunity and education initiatives, and the fostering of collective campus culture it challenges the drivers that inhibit individuals from feeling empowered to be themselves. Information about POISE is available at poisewsu.org, instagram.com/poisewsu, and facebook.com/poisewsu.
n=PhD in Communication Sciences and Disorders
e=fo2889@wayne.edu
d=
n=Phi Alpha National Honors Society Omicron Omicron Chapter
e=sbarlow@wayne.edus
d=The purpose of Phi Alpha Honor Society is to provide a closer bond among students of social work and promote humanitarian goals and ideas. Phi Alpha fosters high standards of education for social workers and invites into membership those who have attained excellence in scholarship and achievement in social work.
n=Phi Beta Sigma
e=gammaiotapbs@gmail.com
d=Phi Beta Sigma Gamma Iota Chapter was founded Nov 7, 1950 at the campus of Wayne State University and is the first and oldest Sigma Chapter in the state of Michigan.
n=Phi Gamma Delta
e=waynestatefiji@gmail.com
d=Phi Gamma Delta, or FIJI, is an international social fraternity that was founded in 1848 at Jefferson College in Pennsylvania. In 2016 Phi Gamma Delta came to Detroit by setting up a colony at Wayne State. After two years of hard work we were able to obtain our charter making us an official chapter of Phi Gamma Delta. We abide by the 5 values that make up a FIJI Gentleman: Friendship, Knowledge, Service, Morality, and Excellence. Our mission is to give back to our local and global community, to build courageous leaders, and to pursue knowledge through our academics. Over the past couple years, we have worked closely with Wayne State's Title IX, The American Cancer Society, The Michigan Humane Society, The Australian Red Cross, and The USO.
n=Phi Mu Alpha Sinfonia Fraternity of America Incorporated
e=nhq@sinfonia.org
d=Sinfonia’s chief purpose is to develop Fraternity in music. At the dawn of the twentieth century an American musician could not advance unless he was European-trained, and music in America was held back by intense rivalry and distrust between musicians and schools of music. In that atmosphere, the nation’s leading musicians founded Sinfonia to promote brotherhood among musicians, and revolutionize the field of music. Since that time Sinfonia has been the rallying point for musicians to support each other and music in America. Sinfonia upholds the highest standards in music. In every age the forces of commercialism and ego support music of the most common type, but the promotion of the best in musical art relies on those who are devoted to the principles of excellence and artistic integrity. Sinfonia was founded in a post-Enlightenment age when artists had gained new freedoms to create the music of their own inspiration. Amid the opportunities and influences of a growing music industry, Sinfonians stood for quality and sincerity in music. Since 1898 Sinfonia has been the rite of passage through which musicians have dedicated themselves to advancing the best in music. Sinfonia inspires musicians to be better men. Our Founder said “Our business is the making of men,” and the motto for our membership is “the Manly Musician and the Musicianly Man.” We recognize the ancient principle that the only excellent musician is the good man, who gives forth a perfect harmony with the whole of his life. Through a tradition of ritual and symbol, Sinfonia preserves a philosophy of ethics and aestheticism to influence musicians to a higher plane. Sinfonians are devoted to developing character and ideals in ourselves and in our brothers. Sinfonia is a movement for the betterment of mankind. In ancient tradition, the indescribable sensation one feels when deeply moved by music was considered a real and direct experience of transcendent Truth, perceived through the forms of expressiveness, power, and beauty. Sinfonians are heirs to this enduring tradition of Truth in music, and our highest charge is to create music with such inspiration, sincerity, and fervor that it provides this experience of bliss and exaltation. We uphold music, not for the sake of music itself, but to uplift our fellow man. Sinfonians wish to instill in all people an awareness of music’s important role in the enrichment of the human spirit. Sinfonia champions the power of music. Our concept of Fraternity is not limited to sociability or friendship among musicians, but encompasses the Enlightenment ideal known as the universal Brotherhood of Man. Sinfonia seeks to bring the musician to the full realization that service to music is not enough, but that service to mankind should be the essential thing of his life. We believe that musicians have a particular power – and obligation – to aid and bless society. With a charitable spirit and the power of music, we seek to bring Harmony to mankind.
n=Philosophy Club
e=philosophyclub@wayne.edu
d=The WSU Philosophy Club is designed to bring together Undergraduates interested in exploring Philosophy in further detail than can be done so in class. Our goal is to not only help students of Wayne State become better thinkers and writers, but to assist them in exploring their own thoughts and ideas.
n=Physical Medicine & Rehabilitation Interest Group
e=sydney.farrington@med.wayne.edu
d=50 million American adults suffer from chronic pain --that's 1 in every 5 adults, about half of whom face pain that significantly interferes with daily life. In the age of the opioid crisis, this issue is pressing now more than ever before.    The Physical Medicine & Rehab (PM&R) specialty helps individuals manage pain, minimize pharmaceutical drug use, and regain control of their lives after traumatic injury, overuse stress, or even just poor posture. Sub-specialties include brain & spinal injury medicine, sports medicine, pain medicine, and more. As the PM&R Interest Group, we hope to educate students about these topics and this rather unheard gem of a specialty through physician seminars, annual fairs at the Rehab Institute of Michigan, and professional networking opportunities. We also host bi-weekly "MSK Monday" sessions to help prepare you long-term for physical medicine content on Steps 1, 2, & 3! 
n=Pi Kappa Alpha
e=pikeswaynestate@gmail.com
d=Pi Kappa Alpha (ΠΚΑ), commonly known as PIKE, is a men's collegiate, social fraternity. Founded at the University of Virginia in 1868, PIKE has expanded to an international fraternity comprised of over 225 chapters spanning the United States and Canada. Currently boasting over 15,500 active undergraduate members, the fraternity has over 295,000-lifetime initiates. These numbers place Pike in the top 5 biggest fraternities in the United States by chapter numbers and member size. Brothers of Pi Kappa Alpha have made tremendous achievements in the fields of politics, business, entertainment, and sports; the Wayne State chapter is the home to current Michigan Supreme Court Justice Brian K. Zahra and sitting Pi Kappa Alpha international president Mark Dziatczak.     The Delta Nu chapter of Pi Kappa Alpha was founded here at Wayne State in 1950 and has been a major influence on the university and its student body for seven decades. Throughout its lifetime, the Delta Nu chapter has raised nearly one million dollars for philanthropic causes and performed over one hundred thousand hours of community service for the local community. Delta Nu has also racked up an impressive collection of awards carrying national recognition. The chapter has been awarded the Robert Adger Smythe award, the highest honor a Pike chapter can receive, a total of 22 times. This consistent excellence has placed the Delta Nu chapter amongst very few others with its designation as a Dynasty Chapter of Pi Kappa Alpha, the highest one can be. In 2015, Delta Nu won the NIC Chapter Award of Distinction, an award given to only the top 5 chapters of all fraternities nationwide. Locally, the 2015 year was also capped off with a Spirit of Detroit award from the city council for our work within the community,     Pike continues to be committed to being scholars, leaders, athletes, and gentleman of our communities each day. 
n=Plant Based Nutrition Group
e=fp9455@wayne.edu
d=
n=Polish Culture Club
e=gg1877@wayne.edu
d=Experience the cultural experience of a life time, bringing the ways of the Polish people from the heart of Krakow to Wayne State. From Polish heritage or not, you don't need to know the language to participate in the activities and volunteer opportunities providing a non-intimidating, fun loving environment. The Polish Culture Club will immerse you in a new culture filled with lots of food, celebrations of the Polish holidays, and out of the box events that will provide a new way to see the world. Come be a part of our family!
n=Political Science Students Association
e=gw7544@wayne.edu
d=The Political Science Students Association (PSSA) is a strictly non-partisan student group which seeks to promote responsible political student activism and voice on campus, networking opportunities for students who hope to be politically engaged on campus and in the community, and we act as a liaison between students and the Political Science Program here at Wayne State University. However, we are definitely not restrictive to other majors. All are welcome and encouraged to join!
n=Pre-Dental Society
e=gw4833@wayne.edu
d=The pre-dental society strives to guide undergraduate students in the pre-dental trackway and increase their chances of getting into dental schools. PDS is structured to familiarize members with different dental field aspects and supply them with extra resources. The goal is to equip students with knowledge and experience surrounding dentistry to succeed. Students will complete volunteer work by providing dental supplies in underserved areas surrounding the community. Learning opportunities and guidance for members will be accommodated by introducing them to speakers at different levels in the dental field. We will be hosting general body meetings every other week, as well as special sessions featuring relevant speakers once a month. These speakers will include general dentists, specialized dentists, dental students, and deans of dental graduate programs. Our organization will offer students opportunities to interact with these speakers and gain insight into their future careers.
n=Pre-Law Student Association
e=Asia.trimble@wayne.edu
d=This organization is aimed at Pre-Law and aspiring Law students. Undergraduate students are welcome to join us in our journey to Law school by building relationships not only with each other, but with Alumni and current Wayne State Law students while preparing for the future. Our organization is focused on changing and growing how aspiring Law students connect with each other and utilizing the various resources that the University provides for Undergraduates. We strive to help students navigate campus life and the rigorous academic studies by forming active study groups and meetings to share our diverse experiences and knowledge. We also always encourage discussion concerning inclusion, diversity, and charitable work in the community by all members of the Pre-Law Student Association or PLSA. 
n=Pre-Med and Health Science Center
e=
d=WSU's PMHSC provides prerequisite advising, academic support, and professional development strategies for all WSU students pursuing admission to competitive health care programs such as medical school, dental school, optometry school, occupational therapy programs, pathologists' assistant programs, physician assistant programs, podiatry school and veterinarian school.  Pre-health advisors will work with you to discuss degree options and help you plan your prerequisite coursework. In addition, pre-health advisors are knowledgeable in the professional preparation — such as extracurricular experiences, leadership, service and health-care exposure — that health science programs value. We will challenge you to develop a strong portfolio of engagement while maintaining the high standards of academic excellence that you need to compete in the admissions process.
n=Pre-Optometry Society
e=Gn9169@wayne.edu
d=
n=Pre-Physician Assistant Society
e=enestephanie25@gmail.com
d=Pre-PAS provides community service, shadowing, basic training, and informational events available to all members. Similarly, we offer affordable phlebotomy certification courses each year. We aim to network and support one another through a similar goal!  Follow us on Instagram for event reminders and updates: @prepaswsu
n=Pre-Professional Medical Society
e=ppms.wsu@gmail.com
d=The Pre-Professional Medical Society—known commonly as PPMS—here at Wayne State University was established in 2011 as the second chapter of the organization. The first chapter in Orlando, Florida was founded in 1973. PPMS is an unique organization which unites pre-professional students with diverse career aspirations based on their many common interests. As the largest student organization on campus, PPMS works to provide a multitude of activities and opportunities for our members so that they gain an edge over other competitive professional school applicants. Our goal is to support our peers with the exposure, experience, knowledge, and character development that will not only make them strong applicants for graduate school, but also mature individuals in their future health careers.
n=Project Health
e=projecthealth@wayne.edu
d=Project Health is a student-led organization, founded by December 2020 graduate Jenna Harris, that is geared towards pre-health professional students, as well as students from other disciplines (majors). Our main goal is to bring relief to food insecure areas through donations and food drives. We want to increase awareness of preventable diseases in the surrounding community, and also bring relief to poverty stricken areas through clothing drives and other events of that nature. Project Health will also be a place where members can get resources pertaining to shadowing, research, and other volunteering opportunities.  
n=Psi Chi WSU
e=psichi@wayne.edu
d=International honors society for psychology
n=Psychology
e=mcdanielm4@wayne.edu
d=The Social-Personality area of the Psychology Department holds weekly meetings in which graduate and undergraduate students can present research and learn about the research presented by guest speakers that are professionals in their field. Brown Bag is an excellent tool for keeping up to date with the latest research and for professional development.
n=Psychology Academic Support Services
e=psychologymentors@wayne.edu
d=PASS is a group of dedicated undergraduate students of either Junior or Senior status. These are students in good academic standing who have knowledge regarding campus resources, research experience, and what it takes to be a successful student. They are here to help support you in your academic success, by providing tutoring sessions, assisting you in gaining research experience, building your CV, organizing and managing your time, getting into graduate school and much more.
n=Public Health Student Organization
e=phso@wayne.edu
d=The Public Health Student Organization (PHSO) organizes public health events and activities to promote a healthier community on WSU campus and around Metro Detroit. During the past year, the PHSO contributed to a variety of public health events including: participation in a Halloween event for pediatric patients at the Children’s Hospital, hosted a food drive to support the W Pantry, organized a public health awareness week and fitness group class during public health week, volunteered at Gleaners Community Food Bank for a spring day of service, volunteered at Auntie Na's community Bazaar, hosted PHSO t-shirt sale, and more.
n=Public Relations Student Society of America
e=m.a.najor@wayne.edu
d=The Public Relations Student Society of America (PRSSA) is a national pre-professional organization established in 1968. In 1983, a few students at Wayne State decided it would be beneficial to communication majors to have an opportunity to join this organization. Through hard work and the support of Professor James Measell, they raised enough support to gain recognition as a national chapter. In 2005 the WSU chapter was named the "James S. Measell Chapter of the Public Relations Student Society of America.'' This name is a tribute to Measell, a former WSU professor of communication and current associate historian of the Fenton Art Glass Company. Membership in Wayne State's PRSSA chapter offers many opportunities and benefits. Some of these opportunities include luncheons with the Detroit Public Relations Society of America (PRSA) and attending workshops and district or national conferences. Members participate in national PRSSA competitions and are eligible for scholarships. The WSU chapter also has an annual newsletter, SALUTE, which members produce.
n=PwC MPREP Scholars
e=lynita.taylor@wayne.edu
d=
n=Queer Professional Organization
e=mbrunner@wayne.edu
d=The mission of the Queer Professional Organization is to serve the LGBTQ+ identifying students of Wayne State University through the provision of professional development opportunities that address the unique challenges of operating as a Queer professional and creating a safe community for LGBTQ+ students to belong and pursue excellence. The Queer Professional Organization strives to break down professional barriers and give members resources to achieve their professional aspirations.   Interested in Joining? Fill out our membership form linked below to register as an official member! Membership Form
n=Quiz Bowl
e=naqt@naqt.com
d=https://www.naqt.com/about/quiz-bowl.html 
n=Radiology Technology Students
e=madisyna@rad.hfh.edu
d=We are the radio logic technology bachelor program students operating through Wayne state university and Henry ford hospital. Our mission is to hold fundraisers in order to raise funds for educational opportunities for the students in our program. 
n=Ratio Christi at Wayne
e=fhuxley@fastmail.us
d=The purpose for which the Ratio Christi, Inc (Ratio Christi) is organized is to encourage and strengthen the faith of Christian students at public and private institutions around the world, while sharing Christ's message and love with those who have not yet accepted Him. By situating apologetic clubs at universities nationally and internationally, Ratio Christi hopes to take part in the battle for the mind and begin to reverse the prevalent trend toward secularism in the university by encouraging dialogue and stimulating discussion directed towards answering life’s pressing questions.
n=Real Sex-Ed
e=realsexedwsu@gmail.com
d=Real Sex-Ed is a gender-neutral club dedicated to educating students about sex-related topics. More and more studies are showing an increased use of pornography by adolescents for sex education purposes, and Real Sex-Ed aims to put an end to this through initiating a dialogue with students about these topics that our society tends to not discuss. Real Sex-Ed is not a therapy group, but a community devoted to learning and talking about sex and sexuality in a college setting. We take an academic approach to the subject, analyzing accredited books, articles, and documentaries on a wide variety of topics. In holding an inclusive space for people to discuss sex and sexuality as it relates to them, we are de-stigmatizing such topics.  We take grade-school sex education to the next level by continuing the conversation from the biology and dangers of sex to more in-depth topics of sex and sexuality. We make the “sex talk” one that isn’t received with fear or dread, but founded in positivity and understanding, which thus, allows students to act from a place of empowerment and confidence.
n=Replenish Detroit
e=replenishdetroit@wayne.edu
d=We are a public health student organization working to increase access to affordable water and hygiene in Detroit through action, advocacy, and awareness. Since 2014, more than 140,000 Detroit households have experienced water shut-offs due to increasingly high water bill rates that have quadrupled over the past two decades, leaving low-income residents struggling to pay their water bills on time. Demanding water to be completely free for everyone would be unrealistic, but we believe water should not be a commodity and the least that can be done is make it affordable. Children who live in a home without water for a certain period of time are at risk for being separated from their parents and turned over to child protective services. Living in a home without running water is a public health crisis, exacerbating health issues such as skin diseases, respiratory illness as well as inducing psychological stress. Our organization advocates for affordable water in Detroit because we believe everyone has the right to clean, affordable water.  Since our founding in 2020, we have and will continue to: advocate for affordable water in Detroit educate the campus community and the public on the Detroit water crisis volunteer with community organizations to help eliminate food and water insecurities provide critical COVID-19 relief through partnerships with local nonprofit organizations facilitate educational health promotion and disease prevention workshops with Detroit youth raise funds for Detroit families struggling to pay off past due water bills We have numerous opportunities for students to get directly involved with our organization and the Detroit community. Join our Get Involved roster or contact us via email or social media to join today.
n=Residence Hall Association
e=rha@wayne.edu
d=The Residence Hall Association is a student government which encompasses residence life here at Wayne State University, including all of our on-campus residence halls and apartments. Our vision is to make Residence Life an irreplaceable part of the college experience, and to make Wayne State University synonymous with home.
n=Rise Michigan at WSU
e=gw4868@wayne.edu
d=Rise Michigan launched in January 2019 to put higher education within reach of all Michiganders. As Michigan lawmakers have cut back on funding for public colleges and universities, campuses have hiked tuition to compensate for lost revenue—causing tuition and student loan debt to skyrocket and preventing Michigan students from earning credentials and degrees that are crucial for jobs and the state’s economy. Fortunately, in her first State of the State address in 2019, Governor Whitmer proposed two bills to address the need for accessible and affordable public higher education: The MI Opportunity Scholarship and The MI Reconnect. Rise Michigan's lobbying in 2019 helped pass the MI Reconnect Bill, and now we're aiming higher. In 2021, we are working to lobby legislature, gather petition sign ups, and host call and email banks to ensure Biden makes college tuition free and forgives student loan debt in his first 100 days in office. Join us in our fight to make college accessible to all!
n=Rising Refugees
e=risingrefugees@gmail.com
d=
n=Robert R. Frank Student Run Free Clinic
e=wsu.som.srfc@frankclinic.org
d=SRFC is a completely student run free clinic that provides completely free full service primary care to the underserved in our community complete with labwork, medications, and referrals. The clinic takes place on select Saturday mornings from 8:30-12pm, and is completely staffed by volunteer medical students and physicians.
n=Ronald E. McNair Postbaccalaureate Achievement Program
e=ag9710@wayne.edu
d=
n=Running Warriors
e=wsurunningwarriors@gmail.com
d=Each group member will receive a personalized running training program, specifically catered to their ability level, and all group members will train to attend and complete a local race together at the end of the semester. In addition to workouts, this group emphasizes the importance of building relationships through organized group outings and other team-building activities.
n=Save the Children WSU
e=savethechildren.wayne@gmail.com
d=Save The Children is a nonprofit organization who's sole purpose is to save children all around the world and provide them with a healthy start in life. Now as an extension at WSU, we as students will use the advantages and resources provided to us to help raise money for a greater cause. Not only will we collect funds through events, we will also spread awareness throughout the university and inform individuals that they too, can help change a child's life by becoming child sponsors. Save the Children WSU's goal is to commit to helping children in need and creating a positive impact on their lives.
n=SAY Detroit PT Clinic
e=martha.schiller@wayne.edu
d=It is the goal of the S.A.Y Detroit PT clinic is to Develop its members into experienced physical therapists. Provide its members with opportunities for leadership experience. Provide its members with volunteer opportunities. Provide its members with Fundraising opportunities. Provide members with social opportunities.
n=School of Social Work
e=fq0994@wayne.edu
d=Our mission is to create and advance social work knowledge and prepare a diverse student body for social work practice that promotes social justice, with a particular focus on urban communities. 
n=Science Policy Network- Detroit
e=SciPolDetroit@wayne.edu
d=We focus on three key areas: Advocacy, Community Engagement, and Professional Development 1. Advocacy: We push for the continued support of research, science-informed policymaking, and communication of critical issues related to science, health, technology, and the environment to the lay public and lawmakers. 2. Community Engagement: We strive to increase conversation among scientists, legislators, and community members about important issues relevant to our local Detroit community, as well as, science policy issues that are more broadly relevant on state or national levels. We partner with other organizations around the state and within our local community. 3. Professional Development: We aim to provide science policy-related educational and professional development opportunities for students and trainees, and strive to equip scientists with the capacity to better advocate for science and evidence-based policies. Mission: To advocate for science and evidence-based policies, provide career development opportunities in science policy, encourage community efficacy, and bridge the gap between scientists, lawmakers, and the lay public.  
n=Scientific Journal Research Org
e=sjrorg@gmail.com
d=In this organization, for the 20-21 school year, there will be 6 teams (Neuroscience, Psychology, Chemistry, Microbiology, Molecular Biology, and Public Health) that will be researching a topic that they have all decided on as a group. How this will work is that the team leader (someone on the executive board) will have a few topics in mind and the group will decide on one solely based on interest. Once this occurs, each person will begin conducting their own research that correlates to the topic at hand. The articles must be found in scientific journals from accredited websites. After each person’s individual research is found, the team will proceed with discussions and will then post to the website. Our website will be formatted in a way that will allow for a short and concise “blog style” post about what the team has researched. Underneath that post, there will be room for comments where students from different teams can “peer review” their writing and even click the links in their works cited pages to read if they would like. These “blog style posts” will consist of an introduction about the topic, the experiments discussed in summary, why the team chose this topic, and what they have learned. In the future, this organization will conduct more in person meetings as well as holding different fundraisers to raise money for access to different journals, research funding, and donations to organizations that support schools in underfunded areas. We also plan on asking different professors that conduct their own in-lab research to talk to students about their research and teach students about joining and getting involved in their own research. 
n=Screenwriting Club
e=ScreenwritingWSU@wayne.edu
d=The WSU Screenwriting club is here to: Discuss excellent film and television writing Establish writing rooms for peer reviewing Perform table reads for awesome scripts Host fundraisers for festivals and competitions It's an inclusive environment—All skill levels welcome! This is also an ideal place to brainstorm and draft screenplays for COM 1600, 2210, 3380, 4310, 5270, and 5400!   Join our Discord Community in the website link below!
n=She's the First Wayne State University Chapter
e=stfwaynestateu@gmail.com
d=Our vision is a future of gender equality. We support girls who will be the first in their families to graduate high school and train students everywhere to be global leaders. Why? Because an educated girl is still the exception, not the norm, in too many places worldwide. Through fundraising, we provide girls in low-income countries who will be first-generation high school students with the funds, as well as necessary resources, to reach graduation. Within our campus chapter, we host events to uplift, educate, and provide an open environment for others to express their thoughts, experiences, and opinions on relevant issues.
n=Sight Savers
e=sightsavers2020@gmail.com
d=
n=Sigma Beta Rho Fraternity Inc.
e=oathkeep3r@sigmabetarho.com
d=Sigma Beta Rho is the nation’s premier multicultural fraternity. We span over 50 universities with over 3,000 members nationwide. Our high standard of performance and maintaining the integrity of the values of our fraternity have contributed to our being one of the fastest growing fraternity of our kind. Central to our efforts in Sigma Beta Rho are our pillar: service to our society, our bond of brotherhood, and remembrance of our origins.
n=Sigma Gamma Rho Sorority, Inc.
e=Alphaetaabsgrho@gmail.com
d=Sigma Gamma Rho Sorority's aim is to enhance the quality of life in the community. Leadership development, and education of youth are the hallmarks of the organization's programs and activities. Sigma Gamma Rho addresses concerns that impact society educationally, civically, and economically.
n=Sigma Lambda Gamma National Sorority Inc.
e=slgchidelta@gmail.com
d=Chapter: Chi Delta Colors: Shocking Pink and Majestic Purple Mascot: Purple Panther Motto: Culture is Pride, Pride is Success Jewel: Amethyst Sigma Lambda Gamma strives to be the premier organization committed to providing a mechanism of empowerment to all women. Through a network of close to 3,000 multicultural sisters from collegiate chapters and alumnae associations located across the United States, we promote academic excellence and higher education for all women via a dedication and incorporation of the sorority principles
n=Sigma Phi Delta Engineering Fraternity
e=council@sigmaphidelta.org
d=FELLOW ENGINEERS!!!! Need a community or org to be part of?! The wonders of Sigma Phi Delta include: a great atmosphere for learning the rigors of engineering; a close bond of brotherhood beyond the years of graduation; a place where engineers can bond and find a home; become better leaders and character. 
n=Sigma Pi
e=gammaomegasage@gmail.com
d=Sigma Pi was founded on February 26th, 1897 in Vincennes University in Vincennes, Indiana. Sigma Pi officially onto Wayne State's campus, by receiving its charter on February 14th, 1969 becoming the Gamma Omega chapter of Sigma Pi. Our brothers hold one word above all others: Progress. It defines who we are as people and as a chapter, as we always look to improve in our daily lives.
n=Sigma Sigma Rho Sorority Inc.
e=psipresident@sigmasigmarho.com
d=Sigma Sigma Rho Sorority, Incorporated is a South-Asian interest based sorority that focuses on Domestic Violence Awareness and Prevention. Although we are a South-Asian interest based sorority, we welcome women from all backgrounds and do not discriminate based on age, race, ethnicity, national origin, religion, culture, sexual orientation, etc.    Sigma Sigma Rho was nationally founded on December 10, 1998 by ten Distinguished Ladies at St. John’s University in New York. Sigma Sigma Rho is unique and special because it is one of the few South Asian based Greek organizations to exist nationwide. The name Sigma Sigma Rho was chosen for this organization because it substantially upholds our motives and goals, which are expressed in Sisterhood, Society, and Remembrance. Sigma Sigma Rho takes immense pride in our sisters based on our values and culture.   Mascot: Black Mare   Flower: White Rose   Philanthropy:  Domestic Violence Awareness and Prevention   If you are interested in joining our sorority, please fill out the interest form below and we will reach out to you! :) https://wsusigmasigmarho.typeform.com/to/BRDY1MGC  
n=Sikh Students Association
e=waynestatesikhs@gmail.com
d=The goal of the SSA is to create awareness of the Sikh Religion, to promote unity through diversity, and create a community for the Wayne State Sikh Students. We aim to hold events every semester to promote these values.
n=SKY@Wayne
e=SKYatWayne@gmail.com
d=SKY@Wayne is a humanitarian student organization dedicated to creating a stress-free zone for students of all backgrounds by offering tangible tools for stress relief which enhance physical and emotional health. It is also our mission to make a positive impact in our urban community with service projects which hone leadership skills and allow us to understand and interact with different identity or cultural groups. In addition, SKY@Wayne is Wayne State University’s chapter of the SKY USA program of the International Association for Human Values. A 501(c)3, IAHV is committed to programs of personal development that support the expression of human values in everyday life. These include values such as a sense of belonging to a common humanity; respect for all people, cultures, and traditions; respect for the natural environment; an attitude of non-violence; and an ethic of social service. We have been known as Art of Living Student Organization until December 2018 and Yesplus until August 2018.
n=Sober Law Society
e=evanbarr@wayne.edu
d=Sober Law Society is an organization for law students who cannot or choose not to drink alcohol or use recreational drugs for personal, health, or religious reasons. This is not a recovery group and is not limited to members who are in recovery from addiction.  Sober Law Society is for law students who are currently sober or are sober curious.  Anyone who wants to know more about being sober in law school or while practicing law is encouraged to join.  Membership in this group will remain confidential, but we do not expect or require anonymity.
n=Social Work Peer Support Learning Community
e=swps@groups.wayne.edu
d= Follow the NASW Code of Ethics: [https://www.socialworkers.org/About/Ethics/Code-of-Ethics/Code-of-Ethics-English] - Develop on-going mentor relationships with students in the Social Work program individually and as a group. - Establish communication channels with assigned students using email, Canvas, Zoom and other means. - Act as a role model in terms of behavior in the classroom, socially and academically. - Attend classes with learning team students regularly and facilitate peer to peer meeting as assigned. - Meet individually with assigned students at least once a month. - Assist the faculty coordinator in planning, organizing, and facilitating social activities, team-building activities, and other duties assigned and discussed by the faculty coordinator and other mentors . - Maintain and submit records as assigned. - Communicate with the faculty coordinator to keep her updated about student progress and concerns.
n=Social Work PhD and SWAN Student Organization
e=toddhartley@wayne.edu
d=The organization focuses on developing academic and social opportunities for students.
n=Society Of Environmental Engineering and Sustainability
e=sees@wayne.edu
d=This organization is for students who are passionate about environmental stewardship and sustainability. This organization will focus on Environmental Engineering approaches to sustainability and environmental issues and projects on campus and in Detroit. Detroit AirNet, winner of the 2020 STEAM Challenge, is a subgroup of SEES. SEES membership will have the opportunity to be involved in this large-scale air monitoring project. SEES is open to students of any major, but may be of particular interest to students studying Civil Engineering, Environmental Engineering, Environmental Science, Chemical Engineering, Chemistry, Biological Sciences, or Urban Planning. 
n=Society of Hispanic Professional Engineers
e=shpe@wayne.edu
d=The student chapters of SHPE promote academic excellence, as well as career development. This professional-student structure provides for the continued enhancement of skills and opportunities, supporting them as they grow from novice to expert, role model to mentor. The concept of networking was the key basis for the organization. SHPE quickly established two student chapters to begin the network that would grow to encompass the nation as well as some countries outside the United States. Today, SHPE enjoys a strong but independent network of professional and student chapters throughout the nation.
n=Society of Physics Students
e=wsusps@gmail.com
d=The Society of Physics Students(SPS) exists to promote physics and a sense of community in the department, university, and beyond. The SPS also helps students transform themselves into contributing members of the professional community. Course work develops only one range of skills. Skills needed to flourish professionally include effective communication and personal interactions, leadership experience, establishing a personal network of contacts, presenting scholarly work in professional meetings and journals, and outreach to the campus and local communities. Locally, regionally, nationally, and internationally, the SPS offers the opportunity for these important enrichments to the student.
n=Society of Professional Journalists - Wayne State Chapter
e=Fv3678@wayne.edu
d=The Wayne State University chapter of the Society of Professional Journalists. The nation’s most broad-based journalism organization, dedicated to encouraging the free practice of journalism and stimulating high standards of ethical behavior. SPJ promotes the free flow of information vital to a well-informed citizenry through the daily work of its nearly 7,500 members; works to inspire and educate current and future journalists through professional development; and protects First Amendment guarantees of freedom of speech and press through its advocacy efforts.
n=Society of Undergraduate Student Advising
e=gg0517@wayne.edu
d=       We want to start this organization to help people that are pre-health majors. Those that are lost and don’t know who to get assistance from. Being upperclassmen we can help incoming freshman find their way and succeed in whatever pathway they choose. If they have not chosen what they wanted to do yet, we can help them decide that as well. We  have been in their positions before and know what it’s like to feel lost and confused. But now we can fix that issue and help anyone who is need of any guidance. Our goal is to create an environment where students can ask any questions and not feel embarrassed about asking for help. This way we can help many people get the support they need in the beginning before they fall off track.  
n=Society Of Women Engineers
e=swewaynestate@gmail.com
d=Welcome to the Society of Women Engineers (SWE) Wayne State Chapter. Engineering students face many challenges and SWE is here to help. Our network of Collegiate and practicing engineers, training programs, and career services are resources to assist you in your path to a rich and rewarding career. Please browse around to learn more about us and consider joining if you haven't done. Bookmark this website and receive up to date information on what you can do to expand your network and heighten the quality of your experience as a women engineer. Mission: Stimulate women to achieve full potential in careers as engineers and leaders, expand the image of the engineering professions as a positive force in improving the quality of life, and demonstrate the value of diversity
n=Sociology Club
e=gv6004@wayne.edu
d=We are an all inclusive club that will allow students to talk about social inequalities in a safe and controlled environment. Students will meet other Sociology majors and minors as well as faculty. Volunteer opportunities will be offered as well as opportunities to raise awareness about specific topics.
n=Sociology Graduate Student Organization
e=gb7861@wayne.edu
d=
n=South Asian Psychology Students Organization
e=SAPSO@wayne.edu
d=The South Asian Psychology Student Organization (SAPSO) seeks to promote mental health awareness through education, advocacy, and conversation among its members and the community. SAPSO is committed to fighting mental health stigma as it relates to the South Asian community. SAPSO provides students with informational seminars as well as community outreach and networking opportunities in order to work towards creating a stigma-free campus and community. This organization is not exclusive to South Asian and/or psychology majors. 
n=Sport and Entertainment Business Association
e=seba@wayne.edu
d=We are the Sport and Entertainment Business Association, we provide students with a network to learn from professionals in the Sport and Entertainment industry, the ability connect with those professionals, and grow into their potential in their future careers within the industry.  Our motivated and passionate members will learn about different opportunities involving careers in the industry.  This organization connects students with influential members across the professional sports and live entertainment community by educating, spreading knowledge, and cultivating relationships. We find the most value in focusing on wisdom provided by guest speakers within the industry as well as collaborative efforts with local organizations. We are extremely excited to announce that we will be hosting a virtual guest speaking series to connect students with successful professionals from the industry throughout the entire upcoming school year! This is an amazing networking and relationship building opportunity where students will be able to learn from the best in the industry. We have an incredible lineup of guest speakers thus far, and we are still adding to our list. If you’re potentially looking for a career in the Sport and Entertainment industry or if you love to enjoy sport and entertainment, this is for you!!! SEBA 2020 promotional video
n=Sri Lankan Students Association
e=slsa.wsu@gmail.com
d=Sri Lankan Students Association (SLSA) is the representative student body for Sri Lankan students in Wayne State University. We arrange the welcoming of new Sri Lankan students to WSU as well as help them settle down at the school comfortably. Also we organize cultural events to make the international community aware of Sri Lankan culture and to raise funds to help students in remote areas in Sri Lanka. All the occasions, whether done individually or combined with the community, are usually organized through SLSA with the participation of all the members.
n=SSW Social Entrepreneurship Organization
e=dz2996@wayne.edu
d=The Social Entrepreneurship Organization  at Wayne State School of Social Work works to promote social entrepreneurship at the school, within the Wayne State campus and the wider community. Social entrepreneurship has increasingly become a focus within the School of Social Work as it has worked to expand and strengthen its macro training, most notably through the revision of its M.S.W. concentration Innovations in Innovations in Community, Policy, and Leadership (I-CPL). Read more about the organization's purpose and goals:  The primary goal of the Social Entrepreneurship Organization of the School of Social Work at Wayne State University (SSW) is to promote social entrepreneurship. Specific strategic goals include the following. 1. To foster a culture of social innovation and social entrepreneurship among key stakeholders of the SSW including but not limited to students, faculty, alumni, staff, donors and community members. 2. To create awareness of social entrepreneurship opportunities among key stakeholders. 3. To work collaboratively with others in the social entrepreneurship ecosystem on campus at Wayne State University and across metropolitan Detroit. 4. To provide opportunities for development of social entrepreneurship knowledge, skills and abilities education and training for key stakeholders. 5. To add to the knowledge base of social entrepreneurship in social work. 6. To raise the profile of the SSW in the social entrepreneurship arena locally, regionally and nationally
n=STEAM Challenge
e=STEAMchallenge@wayne.edu
d=Are you looking to make a difference in your community? Is there a problem or hurdle faced by fellow Detroiters that you would like to solve? If you have a desire to understand the root causes of a social problem, leverage the expertise of your Warrior community, and create a sustainable solution, then the STEAM Challenge is for you!
n=STEM Commons
e=kmyhr@wayne.edu
d=The STEM Commons is a place for students to gather and share information and experiences about Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM). Students gather for informal and formal study groups, independently or with peer mentors, learning assistants, TAs or faculty leaders. The STEM Commons is virtual during the pandemic. Join us for peer mentor panels, book clubs, and more.
n=STI/HIV Education and Prevention
e=gu0663@wayne.edu
d=
n=Street Medicine Detroit
e=gf6104@wayne.edu
d=Street Medicine Detroit's mission is to ensure access to quality medical care for Detroit's unreached and often service resistant homeless population. Through direct and regular outreach, we will bridge the gaps between the homeless and medical communities by building relationships and offering companionship and respect. In doing so, we hope to also address their unique psychosocial and health care needs. 
n=Student Activities Funding Board
e=ryanmitchell@wayne.edu
d=The Student Activities Funding Board (SAFB) is a student board that allocates funds to student organizations for events and programs to enhance student activities and campus life.
n=Student Affiliates of School Psychology
e=hd1253@wayne.edu
d=Goals of SASP for Wayne State University's School and Community Psychology Graduate Students include: To promote and maintain high standards of professional education and training with the specialty and to expand appropriate scientific and scholarly knowledge and the pursuit of scientific affairs To increase effective and efficient conduct of professional affairs, including the practice of psychology within the schools and across other settings To support the ethical and social responsibilities of the specialty, to encourage opportunities for ethnic minority participation in the specialty, and to provide opportunities for professional fellowship To encourage and support publications, communications, and conferences regarding the activities, interests, and concerns within the specialty on a regional, national, and international biases To collaborate/cooperate with individuals, groups, and organizations in the shared realization of the Division objectives
n=Student Astronomical Society
e=wsustudentastronomicalsociety@gmail.com
d=We are WSU's own student astronomy club. We are mainly a social and educational organization. We work to build community among students who are interested in astronomy. This includes physics and astronomy majors as well as amateur astronomers and anyone else who is interested in learning more about space. We welcome all students, regardless of educational, scientific, or astronomical background. At our monthly meetings, we discuss upcoming club activities, current events in astronomy, and other intriguing astronomical topics. Members are given the opportunity to share their experiences and knowledge with the group. When weather permits, we will bring out a telescope on campus after dark to see what is visible. We may also participate in regional astronomical observation events. Other events we may plan include movie nights and planetarium shows.
n=Student Auxiliary Services
e=nboard@wayne.edu
d=
n=Student Disability Services
e=studentdisability@wayne.edu
d=Student Disability Services (SDS) serves as a resource for the Wayne State University community to ensure academic access and inclusion for students, supporting a view of disability guided by social, cultural and political forces. We work to create an inclusive academic environment by promoting universal design throughout the university. We provide academic accommodations, resources and training in assistive technology to foster self-advocacy and success for students with disabilities. We share information to foster understanding of disability throughout the university community.
n=Student Education Council
e=gs4241@wayne.edu
d=The Student Education Council has vacancies available for Winter 2021! Apply today!  Student Education Council Interest Form The purpose the Councils is to be the voice of the respective student bodies within the College of Education and to represent these bodies to the administration, faculty and staff. Student Education Council In year one, the Student Education Council (SEC) will be comprised of 5-7 student leaders, both undergraduates and graduates. Nominations will be accepted from the following: Undergraduate: Teacher Certification Majors Non-teacher certification majors Graduate: Doctoral Students Education Specialist Graduate Certificate Master’s students Eligibility Requirements:  * GPA Minimum: Undergrad - 2.5; Grad - 3.0 * Enrollment Minimum: Undergrad - 6 cr.; Grad - 3 cr. * Total Credit Minimum: Undergrad - 12 cr.; Grad - 6 cr. (total # of credits completed at WSU)
n=Student National Pharmaceutical Association
e=fv5719@wayne.edu
d=SNPhA is an educational service association for pharmacy students who are concerned about pharmacy and healthcare issues. The purpose of SNPhA is to execute programs geared toward improving community health in underrepresented areas and serving as a voice for minorities in health-related professions.
n=Student Nurses Serving the Community
e=fo1053@wayne.edu
d=
n=Student Nurses' Association
e=wsu_sna@wayne.edu
d=Our goal is to enrich the lives and experiences of the students, faculty, and our unique community through volunteerism and opportunities that promote the nursing profession.
n=Student Occupational Therapy Association Class of 2021
e=cq1559@wayne.edu
d=Once accepted into Wayne’s OT program, a student automatically becomes a member of SOTA where we get together bi-monthly to discuss various topics such as fundraisers for our class, volunteer opportunities, events happening at Eugene Applebaum, relevant discussions to our field, and anything else that our classmates want to discuss. We also would like to reach out to any students who are interested in the field of occupational therapy and invite them to contact us with any questions they may have about the program or the field
n=Student Occupational Therapy Association Class of 2022
e=gp7092@wayne.edu
d=A student run organization made of occupational therapy students. We are adaptive, resilient, and a compassionate body of humans who are studying to make a difference in other's lives. In the meantime we want to raise money for our program to use for community outreach, volunteer work, and increasing the daily lives of every student in the Eugene Applebaum College of Pharmacy and Health Sciences building. 
n=Student Organizations
e=doso@wayne.edu
d=Discover over 500 recognized student organizations at Wayne State University. Pursue your interests, participate in diverse programming and make the most of your WSU experience.   Student organization resource guide Student Activities Funding Board Event Funding Request
n=Student Pharmacists Diversity Council
e=spdc.wayne@gmail.com
d=The Student Pharmacists Diversity Council (SPDC) is an organization that promotes the value of diversity in the healthcare field - be it within interprofessional relationships, or through interactions with patients. It is our goal to help develop student pharmacists into culturally competent professionals.
n=Student Senate
e=studentsenate@wayne.edu
d=The Student Senate is the official student government at Wayne State University. Made up of students from every school and college, we have been elected to represent and serve you. It is our job to work on your behalf to improve the student experience at Wayne State University and to support student success. Get Involved! The Student Senate is looking for students who are interested in making a change on campus to work with us on our shared initiatives. If you are interested, please contact us. Together, we can make a difference in the lives of students all over campus.
n=Students Against Medical Racism
e=hadleyhuffman@wayne.edu
d=Medical Racism is a prevalent problem in today's society. While hospitals offer diversity training, it is not always effective and often seen as a chore to those participating in it. This organization sheds light on tough topics in a fun, easy-going way, making it easy to learn. There is copious amounts of research on how relearning behaviors and correcting common misconceptions benefits young adults immensely, whilst making our community stronger, safer, and happier. We aim to educate our future medical professionals, and all Wayne State Warriors on how to be more sympathetic, and understanding, things that often seem to get lost through the rigors of undergraduate and graduate courses. Our website link: https://sites.google.com/view/wsu-samr/home
n=Students Engaged in Relief and Volunteering Efforts
e=serve.wsu@gmail.com
d=SERVE is a student-led organization dedicated to service and community empowerment. We strive to develop a community within our community, comprised of motivated individuals willing to put the needs of others above their own. We serve by dedicating our time to causes above us, including food banks, soup kitchens, and local schools. We empower our community by promoting education, health, and happiness, through numerous acts of charity, including the organization of food drives, clothing drives, hygiene drives, and book drives. We SERVE today for a better tomorrow.
n=Students for Empowerment and Education in Law
e=wsuseel@wayne.edu
d=Students for Empowerment and Education in Law is an organization focused on helping communities gain access and education on topics regarding the law, rights and justice. Geared towards minority communities, our mission is to empower those who do not have the means to uplift themselves, our focus will be on youth outreach as well as volunteering. Teaching younger, high school age students about their rights and opportunities in law can open many doors for them. This club is for Wayne State Students interested in Law, and also those interested in political science, urban studies, or public health, to be a part of a change through volunteering and putting their studies and interests into action. 
n=Students for Israel
e=wsu.sfi@gmail.com
d=SFI strives to educate students about Israel's strong and vibrant community. We want to create an understanding about Israeli culture and to show Israel's positive influence in the world.
n=Students for Justice in Palestine
e=sjp.wayne@gmail.com
d=Students for Justice in Palestine is a student organization that works in solidarity with the Palestinian people and supports their right to self-determination.
n=students for savory salivation
e=grayham2000@gmail.com
d=We meet to discuss our culinary lives. Our goal is to share in a mutual love for food that bridges all divides. from the science of molecular gastronomy to the techniques we use in everyday cooking, We hope to enrich our understanding of food and how it affects each others lives. the history of the food we make and the science behind it makes the flavors we taste seem like so much more.
n=Students for Sensible Drug Policy
e=he7798@wayne.edu
d=Students for Sensible Drug Policy is an international grassroots network of students who are concerned about the impact drug abuse has on our communities, but who also know that the War on Drugs is failing our generation and our society.
n=Students of the Michigan Art Therapy Association
e=hfeen@wayne.edu
d=SMATA members collaborate to develop their knowledge about art therapy through various opportunities for personal and professional development. It is an opportunity for students in the program to connect with each other and working professionals in the field of art therapy.
n=Students Organize for Syria at WSU
e=wayne@organize4syria.com
d=SOS envisions a free Syria in which the Syrian people have the rights and freedoms that they deserve. Our mission is to stand in solidarity with the Syrian people in their struggle for freedom and human rights, to assist Syrians in their effort to build a self-determined and pluralistic society, and to raise awareness of and help alleviate the humanitarian crisis currently taking place in Syria. We are devoted to sustaining an organized student network that is unified for the cause of a free Syria.
n=Students Sharing Success
e=s3lc@wayne.edu
d=Students Sharing Success (S3) is a Wayne State University student organization that provides WSU students with different social and academic resources and supports. S3 strives to create accessible, student-focused activities and provide strategies that WSU students with diverse learning needs can employ as they pursue their educational goals. S3 is led by peer mentors who are WSU students themselves and have been trained as peer mentors. The group is also a source of social engagement, where students can come to ask questions, find out what's going on around campus, and to just chat and connect with friends. 
n=Study Abroad and Global Programs
e=globalprograms@wayne.edu
d=The Office of Study Abroad and Global Programs is here to help you find study abroad opportunities! Studying abroad has so many benefits, and one is developing job readiness skills that employers want. See the world and learn about it's cultures and people! There are study abroad opportunities to fit with most majors and schedules. You can study abroad for nine days or up to an entire academic year! Our office will help you find a program to fit your academic, personal, and career goals. Programs have a variety of cost/payment structures, so you can find a program to fit in your budget. Come talk to us about where you want to study abroad!
n=Study Skills Academy
e=al0644@wayne.edu
d=Below are services the Study Skills Academy provides for students:  Study Skills Counseling We offer one-to-one Study Skills Counseling to Wayne State University's undergraduate population. Our Specialists will analyze your current study habits and work with you to create a more effective, individualized plan for success. We offer assistance in the following areas: Improve your test-taking abilities/preparation strategies  Prevent and overcome test-anxiety  Reduce your study time by learning more efficient study strategies  Better manage your time in both school and personal life Master your textbooks/course material Improve your concentration in lecture and during study time Revamp your approach to memorization Both prevent and/or manage stress Procrastination Accountability Groups Open to both undergraduate and graduate students, these group sessions are designed to offer students a confidential, safe space to explore their difficulties with procrastination. The groups are facilitated by an experienced Study Skills Specialist who prepares the focus of each session with the individual goals of the members in mind. Succeeding in the Sciences Groups These groups are designed to offer students following a pre-med, pre-health, and other science-based curriculums a space to discover and explore evidence-based study strategies applicable to both the sciences as well as general education courses. Group sessions are facilitated by certified Study Skills Coaches who are, in addition, high-achieving students in the sciences. While sessions are relatively structured, they are also collaborative in nature allowing participants a chance to address individual concerns.  Student Success Workshops Each semester, the Academic Success Center offers workshops on study skills, financial literacy, and math literacy topics.  FYS 1010 - Learning with the Brain in Mind FYS 1010 is an interactive, evidence-based study skills course that prepares first-year students to manage the rigor of university-level learning. The topics covered in FYS 1010 include (but are not limited to): Time-management/procrastination Memory and comprehension Study planning Exam-prep/test-anxiety reduction Stress-management Concentration improvement  
n=Surgery Interest Group - SoM
e=kara.klomparens@med.wayne.edu
d=The Surgery Interest Group serves to introduce the students of Wayne State University School of Medicine to the field of surgery. We work to provide networking, shadowing, and research opportunities for students of WSU SOM who have any questions or interests regarding any surgical specialties. 
n=Take Back the Tap @ WSU
e=gh1789@wayne.edu
d=Take Back the Tap is a student-led, environmentally focused club with the goal to end the sale of single-use, plastic water bottles on Wayne States' campus. Our mission is to push for water infrastructure improvements through the addition of refill stations on campus and encourage students to stop buying bottled water and switch to reusable water bottles
n=Tau Beta Pi - The Engineering Honor Society
e=pres.mie.tbp@gmail.com
d=Tau Beta Pi is the national engineering honor society, founded in 1885 by Dr. Edward H. Williams, Jr. while a professor at Lehigh University. Its purpose is to recognize engineering students of distinguished scholarship and exemplary character, and "to foster a spirit of liberal culture in engineering colleges." Tau Beta Pi has a worldwide reputation because of its high standards for membership.
n=Team Medical Support
e=ga8423@wayne.edu
d=
n=Technology Bunker
e=techbunker@wayne.edu
d=
n=TEDxWayneStateU Club
e=tedxwaynestateuclub@wayne.edu
d=Each year, TEDxWayneStateU hosts a conference that highlight's some of Wayne State's finest student, faculty, and alumni speakers. Our Executive Board meets weekly, and collaborates to organize the annual conference, as well as smaller events to promote our campus involvement. We are always looking for new members! Please email tedxwaynestateuclub@wayne.edu if interested in getting involved.
n=Temple Campus Ministry
e=gn7637@wayne.edu
d=Temple Campus Ministry is a bible study with a focus on the issues that are more prevalent on campus. Temple Campus Ministry was established to proclaim Christianity on college campuses and to establish an environment where students can express themselves spiritually. We also seek to deal with real-life issues that we all face as young adults in college and provide relevant and pertinent information in a bible study that will help you along your journey.
n=Testing, Evaluation and Research Services
e=laurawoodward@wayne.edu
d=
n=The Alpha Epsilon Pi Fraternity
e=masteraepixi@gmail.com
d=Alpha Epsilon Pi, the Global Jewish Fraternity, was founded to provide opportunities for Jewish men seeking the best possible college and fraternity experience. After a few decades away from Wayne State's campus, AEPi has undergone a significant resurgence, doubling in size in just one year, and receiving a charter to become an official chapter in less than two years. 
n=The Association for Computing Machinery student chapter at Wayne State University
e=gs6265@wayne.edu
d=The Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) student chapter at Wayne State University is focused on supporting students from a variety of backgrounds who share a common interest in computer science. The chapter is opened to all students, faculty, and staff from Wayne State University. We strive to create activities and events that bolster the creativity in computer science students. We offer workshops where you can hone your practical programming skills. We also offer numerous career opportunities from top names around Metro Detroit exclusive to ACM members, as well as offering generous scholarships to active and passionate community members.
n=The Association for Computing Machinery Women
e=gh4683@wayne.edu
d=The Association for Computing Machinery Women (ACM-W) student chapter at Wayne State University is focused on supporting women from a variety of backgrounds who share a common interest in computer science. The chapter is opened to all students, faculty, and staff from Wayne State University.
n=The Brotherhood
e=milesreub@wayne.edu
d=The Brotherhood was founded on Friday August 8th, 2017 by Demarius Brown, Kamau Clark, Cedric Mutebi at Wayne State University. The mission of the organization is to help minority males build academic, personal, and professional relationships with people of value through exchanging knowledge and resources . Through empowerment, mentoring, and brotherhood, The Brotherhood aims to help minority males become not only successful college students today, but great leaders of tomorrow.
n=The Collaboration of Students
e=gj6102@wayne.edu
d=Several clubs already exist in Wayne State. Our goal is to provide a space which cultivates the creativity and determines what each student seeks out of their college experience. Our focus is on no focus, allowing members to present their own passions and ideas, exposing the group to a variety of mindsets that can enrich their character and school experience.
n=The Education Support Project
e=eduproject.contact@gmail.com
d=The Education Support Project is a student-led initiative seeking to identify and address the needs of the public education system with specific attention to the inequities and disparities prevalent in our communities. We serve to level barriers to academic resources in order to support equitable opportunities in education.
n=The Hayat Movement
e=thehayatmovement@gmail.com
d=HAYAT : LIFE// We believe Jesus is the way, the truth, and the HAYAT. We love God and want to build bridges with people of other faiths to demonstrate the love Jesus has for all nationalities, ethnicities, races, religions, etc. To our Muslim friends, you are always welcome here. We have specifically chosen shared stories between the Bible and the Qur'an to go closer to God together and grow closer in friendship between Christians, Muslims, and people who are checking out God for the first time. All messages and conversations are 100% confidential. We would love to see you at one of our weekly studies or our events! Come on out to any of our meetings for snacks, conversations, and an opportunity to meet new friends and have great conversation.
n=The Iridescent Project
e=theiridescentprojectt@gmail.com
d=Among our youth and in elementary education systems, there is a lack of exposure to engineering. The reality of most schools is that the emphasis is put on sciences; and while this is great, a majority of the efforts are exhausted - leaving little to none put forth for engineering related programs. As an organization, we would like to expand the exposure of engineering to the youth through providing educational resources, skills, and opportunities for them to explore their passions and potentially unveil their hidden skills. We aim to do this through reaching out to local elementary and middle schools and working alongside them to make this happen. Our longterm goals include an engineering fair inclusive of all metro-Detroit schools. Short term, we would like to start small with a few schools and speak to the students as well as school board to implement small changes in the classrooms or the implementation of after school clubs.  This effort can expand and make a significant impact on the futures of our youth, who will essentially be the futures of Detroit.
n=The Islamic Medical Student Association
e=gb5507@wayne.edu
d=The Islamic Medical Student Association is made up of students from different walks of life who come together with the shared goal of serving their Creator. IMSA offers students with opportunities for spiritual development, community service, outreach, research, and peer engagement. Medical school is undeniably challenging, so IMSA aims to provide a wide range of support for Muslim students as they navigate this journey.
n=The Listening Party
e=thelisteningpartytlp@gmail.com
d=The Listening Party (TLP) is a student run organization that reflects upon public health issues present in rap culture. Our mission is to promote mental health, anti-violence, and substance abuse awareness. TLP hosts monthly events centered around new music releases. Money will be raised to support local anti violence nonprofit foundations in Detroit. This organization aims to create unity among students within the Detroit community by using music as an outlet to discuss local public health issues.  
n=The MCATCorps Comprehensive Medical College Admissions Test Preparation Chapter at Wayne State University
e=go8435@wayne.edu
d=As we all know COVID has made it difficult to access study resources and create organized study groups. MCATCorps is for anyone who plans on taking the MCAT (whenever) and will include info on test logistics and practice material for content and test review. We’re also planning to include current med students to share their insight. We hope to create a group here at WSU to get people the information they need!
n=The Network
e=an5933@wayne.edu
d=The Network is a learning community for young men aimed to enhance learning inside the classroom while offering peer and professional mentoring, brotherhood and essential life skills. The majority of the individuals that participate are African American/Black men; however, our learning communities are open all that are interested in being involved.
n=The Poetry Circle
e=theepoetrycircle@gmail.com
d=
n=The Queer Faculty and Staff Organization of Wayne State
e=bshamoun@wayne.edu
d=The gay, lesbian, bisexual, queer, trans and ally (+) faculty and staff organization at Wayne State University! All are welcome to attend our events, regardless of identity.
n=The Social Question
e=gw3094@wayne.edu
d=The mission of The Social Question brings together a diverse group of high school students and, as college students, facilitates structured dialogues and organizes community projects that amplify voices, confront discrimination, and pioneer change. If you are someone who is interested in creating change in your community and participating in dialogues on social, moral, political, and industrial issues, this is the organization for you. Extensive facilitation experience is not necessary but would be appreciated. Further training can be arranged.
n=The Society of Underrepresented Physics Educators and Researchers
e=veronica.verkest@wayne.edu
d=
n=The South End
e=thesouthend.wsu@gmail.com
d=
n=The W Food Pantry
e=thew@wayne.edu
d=  Our Process: 1. Fill out the client intake form. 2. Fill out our menu form. 3. Come get your order. 4. Repeat filling out the menu every 2 weeks!  
n=The Wayne State Deutschklub
e=waynestatedeutschklub@gmail.com
d=The Wayne State Deutschklub aims to provide an opportunity to students wishing to discover and experience German language and culture in an environment that allows them to further improve their language skills and broaden their horizons.
n=The Woodward Review
e=gj2063@wayne.edu
d=A national literary journal in the making, based in Midtown Detroit. 
n=The WSU MBA Response
e=aa8115@wayne.edu
d=WSU MBA students using their skill set to work with small businesses/organizations that need support during the COVID-19 crisis. All support is pro-bono. Here's a link to the zoom meeting we had on 1/21/2021 that goes into more detail about the organization: MBA Response Information Meeting
n=Theatre and Dance at Wayne
e=boxoffice@wayne.edu
d=Theatre and Dance at Wayne produces 10+ productions each season from classics like Shakespeare, to modern musicals, outrageous comedies, dance concerts, and more. We engage, educate, and empower diverse student/artists through the rigorous study, practice and production of theatre and dance to enrich Detroit and global communities.
n=Theta Nu Xi Multicultural Sorority, Inc.
e=tnx.alphabeta@gmail.com
d=Theta Nu Xi Multicultural Sorority, Inc. was founded at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, by seven diverse women who sought to create an inclusive sisterhood. The Founding Monarchs chose to transcend traditional boundaries with the creation of a new Greek letter organization that would embody the ideals of scholarship, service, sisterhood, leadership, and multiculturalism. Despite being met with significant concerns about the viability of such an organization, the Founding Monarchs held strong to their beliefs and pushed forward in creating the Sorority. Through their commitment and dedication, the dream of founding Theta Nu Xi came to fruition on April 11, 1997. The Alpha Beta Chapter was founded on July 8, 2005 by 12 women with one goal. After researching the existing organizations on campus, these twelve women discovered there were minimal opportunities for women of multicultural descent to flourish in a sisterhood on campus. Soon, they discovered their ideals reflected those of Theta Nu Xi Multicultural Sorority Incorporated. Together, they established an organization that would celebrate diversity throughout the campus and community.
n=Theta Tau Professional Engineering Fraternity
e=regent@ebthetatau.org
d=Founded in 1904, Theta Tau is the nation's oldest and largest professional engineering fraternity. Based on the ideals of Service, Profession, and Brotherhood, Theta Tau is for those interested in Greek life with a professional twist.
n=Thrive
e=thrivewsu@gmail.com
d=Our mission with Thrive, is to create care packages for hospital patients and those in need. We want to remind everyone that they can thrive, no matter the situation.
n=Timmy Global Health WSU
e=timmywsu@wayne.edu
d=Timmy Global Health expands access to healthcare and empowers students and volunteers to tackle today most pressing problems.
n=Transfer Student Success Center
e=fz1608@wayne.edu
d=About Us The Transfer Student Success Center (TSSC) is committed to serving prospective, incoming and currently enrolled transfer students at Wayne State University. Our staff, along with our team of Transfer Student Ambassadors, are available to help you. We provide resources and programs that lay the foundation for students to achieve academic success. Our Mission Our mission is to provide transfer students resources and programing by offering transfer credit evaluations, transition guidance and connections to the WSU campus community, along with advocating for student success and promoting an inclusive environment for students who have transferred or plan to transfer to WSU. Our Goals Our goal is to enhance your transfer experience and ensure a seamless transition to WSU. Our efforts are focused on setting a national standard for student success and degree completion across all demographic backgrounds by serving as a hub in the following areas: · Support students with their transition to WSU. · Provide campus resources and pathways to academic, professional and career success. · Create connections with peer mentors and transfer student ambassadors. · Serve as advocates for transfer students by proposing policies/procedures that are transfer friendly. · Collaborate with key campus partners (Admissions, Records, Transfer Credit and Academic Advising) to streamline the transfer process and experience. · Empower transfer students to successfully achieve their goals and thrive at WSU.
n=Transformative Research in Urban Sustainability Training
e=trust@wayne.edu
d=
n=Turning Point USA at Wayne State
e=gw7268@wayne.edu
d=Turning Point USA is a non-profit and non partisan organization. Mission is to identify, educate, train, and organize students to promote the principles of fiscal responsibility, free markets, and limited government.
n=Twinnation dance team
e=gg6368@wayne.edu
d=Twinnation is a dance team filled with a lot energy and hard work. We are passionate dancers and we are looking to expand with dancers who just as passionate as we are. 
n=UNICEF Wayne State
e=unicefwaynestate@gmail.com
d=As a UNICEF USA Club, we hope to advocate for the world's most vulnerable children through awareness, volunteerism, and community engagement. UNICEF USA Club members have the unique opportunity to discuss global issues and concerns affecting children globally and participate in unique initiatives designed to promote the well-being of children worldwide. Members will have the opportunity to promote the work of UNICEF in their local communities as they explore the wide range of UNICEF's Program Areas, including, but not limited to, child protection, education, water, and sanitation and hygiene.
n=United 2 Heal at WSU
e=u2h-wsu@wayne.edu
d=United 2 Heal is a non-profit, non-discriminatory, student-run humanitarian organization that originated at the University of Michigan in 2007 and has expanded to multiple chapters across the nation. U2H works with World Medical Relief in Southfield, MI to reduce global health disparities and ensure that those in developing countries have equal access to medical supplies. U2H members volunteer every weekend at WMR to sort surplus medical supplies from local hospitals and clinics and ship them to countries in need around the world. By providing student volunteers, U2H ensures that WMR can continue to send aid to developing countries on a weekly basis. In addition, U2H is involved in the nation’s first undergraduate-run pacemaker recycling project, My Heart Your Heart (MHYH). Through MHYH, students interrogate post-mortem pacemakers to assess if they can be reused. These pacemakers are then sent to developing countries for patients that are unable to afford these life-saving devices. U2H takes efforts to educate students about global health issues and financially aid populations around the globe. An annual benefit dinner is held in March or April, where guest speakers discuss global health disparities and a silent auction is held featuring donations from Detroit and Ann Arbor area businesses. In recent years at the U2H U of M branch, several shipments of medical supplies were sent to Ghana. Members have also travelled to Ghana with a shipment to help unpack the supplies at their final destination. U2H also hosts various medical workshops for students on campus, showing them how to suture and collect basic vital signs among other skills.
n=Urology Interest Group
e=
d=The Urology Interest Group (UIG) at Wayne State University School of Medicine aims to increase awareness of the field of urological surgery among medical students. We provide opportunities for students to gain exposure to the field through research opportunities and mentorship with affiliated departments. We hope that through the opportunities and mentorship linked with this group, students will gain a deeper understanding of the urology.       
n=US Fund for UNICEF C.A.R.E.S. Initiative: Child Advocacy, Research, Education, and Service
e=hc7450@wayne.edu
d=This chapter is part of a grassroots movement of student-led groups that partner with the U.S. Fund for UNICEF to educate, advocate and fundraise on behalf of children and in support of UNICEF’s lifesaving work to advance the survival, protection and development of children worldwide. College students have a powerful role to play in helping the world’s children survive, and our efforts, along with UNICEF and its partners will lead to a day when no child dies from a preventable cause. The pillars of this club are: education, advocacy and fundraising. We serve to educate our fellow students and surrounding community about UNICEF’s child survival work. Additionally, we work to provide educational and political advocacy. Educational advocacy includes activities that raise awareness about child survival issues. Political advocacy involves communicating with public officials or the general public to influence legislation and public policy. Lastly, fundraising is a critical component of what we do and is essential to UNICEF’s global success, as we are able to direct our funds to particular UNICEF projects and programs around the globe.
n=Vietnamese Student Association
e=vsa.waynestate@gmail.com
d=The Vietnamese Student Association- abbreviated as VSA- aims to create and stimulate awareness of the rich transforming Vietnamese-American cultural identity at Wayne State University and the Metro- Detroit Area. A goal of our organization is to foster friendship, good will, leadership, and community among our members while also educating about the history, language, and culture of Vietnam. We often have events throughout the school year that allows members to network with each other such as general body meetings, social hangouts, food workshops, and community service events. Contact us via email or social media if you are interested in our organization and learning more about the wonderful country of Vietnam!
n=Visual Culture Student Group
e=wsucontext@gmail.com
d=This group serves to create a cross-disciplinary space in which members can engage with each other and with the expanding field of image and visual culture studies. We will work to further our understanding of the importance of visual studies with regard to academia and other applicable arenas.
n=WARRIOR ; SUICIDE PREVENTION
e=Fw8407@wayne.edu
d=WARRIOR ; SUICIDE PREVENTION is an organization devoted to help spread information on suicide prevention and mental health resources.  Members of this organization have an interest in learning about suicide prevention and mental health resources and sharing such info with the WSU community.
n=Warrior Entrepreneurs and Innovators
e=gw4831@wayne.edu
d=We are all bound to face roadblocks in the future within our careers and professional lives. WEI aims to help turn these roadblocks into speedbumps. The more knowledge/skills that a person has, the more “tools” they have within their “toolkit”. Our organization will cater to helping students develop, build, and grow themselves that will further expand their future career. We are open to all majors who have an interest in expanding their horizons and growing their skillset. WEI also focuses on teaching students the steps they need to start their own business. With experienced speakers talking about their business journeys and helpful workshops, WEI will be very beneficial to those who are thinking of going into entrepreneurship.  WEI is a great opportunity for any student to attend networking events, meeting, guest speakers, workshops, and other special events to get involved on and off campus. Our mission is to promote the foundation of what it takes to be prepared in the professional field and provide the resources needed to begin a successful career.
n=Warrior M.D. Ambassadors
e=gt7927@wayne.edu
d=M. D. Ambassadors are medical students who apply for and train in the recruitment process of future Warrior M.D.'s. We work closely with the Office of Admissions, providing well-spoken and educated tour guides for in-person tours during interview day, as well as hosting events outside of interviews t reach out to the prospective student community and recruit the ideal student for WSUSOM. 
n=Warrior Mode
e=warriormodewsu@gmail.com
d=Warrior Mode is a club that teaches and practices breaking, a type of hip-hop dance that started in New York City. We also strive to learn about hip-hop culture, the socioeconomic roots of it, and the elements of it. Warrior Mode is a safe space open to people of any race, ethnicity, gender identity, sexuality, ability, and class.   Warrior Mode is a space for students and members to learn about breaking as a form of dance, and also to gain an appreciation of hip-hop culture. We hold workshops and bring in dancers from the community to impart their dance and cultural knowledge on students.   Warrior Mode is an organization which celebrates the cultural diversity Wayne State University students bring, and we aim to advance cultural knowledge and empathy by exposing members to hip-hop, which is a product of African-American culture and has greatly influenced American culture as a whole.   Warrior Mode works with artists from the breaking community locally and worldwide to add to the dance knowledge of its members. We also volunteer in the community, such as assisting in performances in Southwest Detroit. We have also held charity events for various causes around the world.
n=Warrior Racing
e=formulasae@wayne.edu
d=The Formula SAE competition requires student members to conceive, design, fabricate, and compete with a single seat open wheel race car. Limitations are placed on the size of the car as well as the displacement of the engine which enhances the focus on the ingenuity and problem-solving abilities of students. Dynamic events such as skid-pad, autocross, acceleration, endurance, and fuel economy test the engineering capabilities of the students. Static events such as cost, design, and business presentation emphasize organizational skills that become useful in the professional world. The cars are designed and built solely by the students and then transported to one of many international competitions at which large fields of highly competitive colleges from around the world challenge each other to earn points in each of the different events. When we don't attend these large competitions, we are hard at work testing the cars to learn more about them to apply that knowledge to the next car. Chassis and powertrain systems are designed and developed in house. We also have a business team that is there to cultivate relationships with sponsors, handle social media accounts, recruitment, graphic designing, and the many activities the team does throughout the year.
n=Warrior Vision and Impact Program
e=ae4082@wayne.edu
d=The Wayne State University Warrior Vision and Impact Program (VIP) is a comprehensive student support program that helps students to get acclimated to Wayne State and what it means to be a successful college student. In partnership with other programs and departments across the University, the Warrior VIP ensures students' successful transition into college, fosters their positive engagement in the university setting and prepares students to challenge themselves as leaders beyond graduation.
n=Warrior Wardrobe
e=ad1112@wayne.edu
d=The Warrior Wardrobe has a wide variety of clothing styles and sizes. There are two branches and each has different items: Casual Closet – Casual attire for class, like jeans, khakis, sweaters, long and short sleeve shirts Career Cube – Business attire for interviews, like suits, dress pants, button down shirts, dresses and blouses Casual Closet Welcome Center, Suite 202 Opening September 9, 2019 Tuesdays 1 to 5 p.m. Wednesdays 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. Career Cube Career Services 1001 Faculty/Administration Building 313-577-3390 Grand opening Wednesday, September 18, 2019 from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. Tuesdays, Wednesday and Thursdays 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Mondays and Fridays by appointment
n=Warrior Zone Student Section
e=athletics@wayne.edu
d=Cheer on the Warriors Virtually During the Winter 2021! Games will stream for FREE for all fans For more information on streaming, game schedules, posters, and social media visit our Gameday Hub
n=Warrior Zone VIP Upgrade
e=athletics@wayne.edu
d=Introducing the NEW Warrior Zone VIP Upgrade! $10 Yearly Membership Benefits Include: * Special edition dri-fit t-shirt * Seating in the first 5 rows of the student section on gamedays * Entrance into an incentives program * Special tailgates before select home-games * Special t-shirt & ticket distribution event * Opportunity to be "Assistant Coach" for the day and join the Warriors on the sideline   EXPERIENCE GAMEDAY!     2020 Football Home Schedule Sept 12 vs. Truman State @ 1pm Sept 19 vs. Missouri S&T @ 1pm Oct 3 vs. Northern Michigan (Homecoming) @6pm Oct 17 vs. Davenport @ 6pm Nov 7 vs. Ashland @ 1pm Nov 14 vs. Saginaw Valley @ 1pm     2020 HOME VOLLEYBALL SCHEDULE Sept 22 vs. Ashland @ 7pm Sept 25 vs. Grand Valley State @ 7pm Sept 26 vs. Davenport @ 2pm Oct 9 vs. Northern Michigan @ 7pm Oct 10 vs. Michigan Tech @ 2pm Oct 30 vs. Purdue Northwest @ 7pm Oct 31 vs. Parkside @ 2pm   Register for the Warrior Zone VIP Upgrade to receive special benefits throughout the season!
n=Warriors PrEP & PEP Awareness
e=fx1740@wayne.edu
d=Warriors PrEP and PEP Awareness (WP&PA) is a student organization that creates awareness about pre-exposure prophylaxis (PrEP) and post-exposure prophylaxis (PEP) prevention methods among Wayne State University students. We are students who are passionate about Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) prevention and reduction of local and global HIV transmissions. We believe combating HIV requires the work of many. As a Public Health students, we felt the responsibility of sharing the information about currently available HIV prevention medications with the Wayne State University (WSU) students who are unaware of the prevention drugs. We selected PrEP and PEP because these highly effective HIV prevention strategies are not widely known among WSU students unlike other HIV prevention methods. We value every individual and believe that everyone should be fully informed about all the accessible HIV prevention methods to protect themselves. Creating awareness about PrEP and PEP and making it a common knowledge, can specifically help those students who are at risk for HIV. The awareness initiative of our organization will augment the knowledge transfer process among the high-risk student and their health care providers about the PrEP and PEP. Furthermore, our organization will encourage students to share the information in their inner circle of family and friends to reach the high-risk people living outside the WSU campus. Overall, WP&PA will be creating awareness about PrEP and PEP through WSU campus-based outreach events. We intend to collaborate with the organizations that are currently working in HIV prevention and also with other WSU student organizations to reach more WSU warriors.
n=WAYN Radio
e=waynradio@wayne.edu
d=WAYN Radio is Wayne State's only student run radio station. Broadcasting 24/7 from the heart of Midtown, WAYN gives every student the opportunity to learn professionally about radio, have their own show, and listen to the music of local musicians and of the campus itself. WAYN also acts as a platform for singers, songwriters, music groups, etc. Streaming their content, helping them to present their talents to Wayne State students and greater Detroit.
n=Wayne African Student Society
e=wass.wayne@gmail.com
d=Our aim is to provide a platform for persons of African and non-African descent to learn, celebrate, and corroborate all aspects of African culture. We also plan to help create a home away from home for students of African descent and anyone interested in African culture.
n=Wayne Black Business Student Association
e=cavinsha@wayne.edu
d=The Wayne Black Business Student Association (WBBSA) strives to introduce graduate, undergraduate and high school students to entrepreneurship, leadership, equity, diversity, inclusion & access decisions in the industry as well as recruit prospective students of color to the Ilitch School of Business.  Through networking and leadership activities, members will engage the community and incite positive and effective change.  
n=Wayne Ki Awaaz
e=waynekiawaaz15@gmail.com
d=Wayne Ki Awaaz is Wayne State’s premier South Asian Fusion Competitive A Cappella Team. Our organization showcases musical talents of students in the Detroit area through A Cappella style music. Belonging to the South Asian-American diaspora, we are built upon a foundation of cultural expression and representation. Through the exhibition of world music, we strive to promote inclusivity and diversity within the Wayne State and musical community. As an affiliate to the national Network of Desi A Cappella, our members have the opportunity to compete in intercollegiate competitions and events, building relationships with students and musicians across the country. Although we bring together students with the common interest of music, we take pride in extending to much more. Translating to “the voice of Wayne”, Wayne Ki Awaaz members use the gift of voice as our expression of identity, heritage, and social solidarity. 
n=Wayne Law ABA Student Board of Governors
e=gabriela.grimaldi@wayne.edu
d=The Wayne Law ABA Student Board of Governors is the student government for Wayne Law. Its goals are to further the interests of its students and foster relations with the faculty members.
n=Wayne Law Diversity Coalition
e=waynelawdiversity@gmail.com
d=This Coalition connects Wayne Law's several multicultural and ally organizations in their unified mission to support law students from historically underrepresented backgrounds. This Coalition streamlines each organization's efforts to provide students with academic & career development resources, create networking opportunities, engage in community outreach, and ultimately promote diversity in both the law school and the legal field.
n=Wayne Makers Club
e=waynemakers@wayne.edu
d=This club is focused on bringing all engineering students together by creating a place to collaborate on projects. Fostering innovation and providing practical experience for Wayne State engineering students through team building and project design. The club is project based and will have access to some resources provided by the university, such as the 3D Printing lab. Members can bring ideas to the club to gain experience and assistance on engineering design through projects. The club provides a network across engineering disciplines that can request to work on an authors project and bring ideas to reality. 
n=Wayne Robotics Club
e=roboticsclub@wayne.edu
d=
n=Wayne State - Build The Earth
e=detroitbte@gmail.com
d=We're a student organization for the Build The Earth project. The BTE project is a collection of hundreds of thousands of people around the world who are dedicated to building the Earth to a 1:1 scale inside Minecraft. We are apart of the Michigan Build Team, which is run by our members and has hundreds of builders. Our Wayne State organization will be dedicated to building Wayne State and the rest of Midtown, not to mention Detroit as a whole. We are organized primarily through Discord and have our own Minecraft server for the project. In order to participate in build events you will need a legitimate Minecraft - Java Edition account.
n=Wayne State Aspiring Educators of Michigan
e=ga2954@wayne.edu
d=WAEM is an organization for students in the College of Education or students interested in education. Our main goal is to build a strong and supportive network in which students feel encouraged and inspired. We have two meetings a month in which we build community and focus on professional development. We are also affiliated with the Michigan Education Association and the National Education Association; thus, many resources, networking and professional development opportunities are made available to us. 
n=Wayne State Boarding Club
e=gh4447@wayne.edu
d=The WSU Boarding Club consists of longboarders, skate boarders, and similar forms of skating. Our goal is to unite skaters via WhatsApp (group messaging) to help those who want to learn to skate and find others to skate with. Whether it be learning different tricks, dancing, sliding, bombing/downhill, or picking up on how to board, there is something for everyone! There will be outings that people can sign up for that will be in Detroit.
n=Wayne State Campus Election Engagement Project
e=keathley@wayne.edu
d=
n=Wayne State Club Rowing
e=ge0821@wayne.edu
d=
n=Wayne State Collegiate Chess Club
e=wsustudentorgs@gmail.com
d=The Chess Club gives students an opportunity to play friendly competitive games of chess with a variety of players. Students of all levels are welcome. We hope to join local or state tournaments as the club progresses.
n=Wayne State DECA
e=Gg8042@wayne.edu
d=DECA prepares emerging leaders and entrepreneurs for careers in marketing, finance, hospitality and management in high schools and colleges around the globe.
n=Wayne State Economics Society
e=wsueconsociety@wayne.edu
d=The Wayne State Economics Society provides a space for graduates and undergraduates to engage with economics outside of the classroom. Giving students the opportunity to network with one another. Also, we will connect students to local and global professional communities. Overall, the society aims to host discussions, build relationships, gain valuable experiences in the field, and explore how economics interacts with the world as a whole. 
n=Wayne State Jhatka
e=wsujhatka@gmail.com
d=Wayne State Jhatka is a competitive bollywood-fusion dance team at Wayne State University. All students are welcome to try-out. We perform at campus, corporate, and private events of all sizes. Book us for your event today! @wsujhatka on all social media. Catch our most recent performances on YouTube!
n=Wayne State Physicians For Social Responsibility
e=psr.wsusom@gmail.com
d=In PSR, we seek to educate ourselves and our community about the relationship between human health and environmental health. Through our pillars of education, service, and advocacy, we work to improve the health of our community and learn how we can take the best possible care of our future patients. Our main activities include lunchtime seminars at the medical school where we hear from doctors, public health workers, lawyers, and others about topics liked the Flint water crisis, asthma rates in Detroit, and the legislation that protects the environment and public health. We also volunteer regularly with the Michigan Urban Farming Initiative (MUFI) and the Friends of the Rouge River.
n=Wayne State Postdoctoral Association
e=wsu-pda@wayne.edu
d=As an association run by postdocs for postdocs, the WSU-PDA's mission is to promote the professional development and social well-being of the postdoctoral community at Wayne State University.
n=Wayne State Punjabi Student Association
e=waynestatepunjabi@gmail.com
d=The Wayne State Punjabi Student Association (PSA) is a student organization that aims to represent and unite the Punjabi students on campus. We bring together students in order to raise cultural awareness, provide networking opportunities, and give back to the community. We welcome students of all backgrounds to join us on our mission of promoting Punjabi culture and tradition through various social and cultural events.
n=Wayne State Rhetoric Society
e=fp9822@wayne.edu
d=The Wayne State Rhetoric Society (WSRS) is an established student chapter of the Rhetoric Society of America. WSRS sponsors events each semester, including reading groups and workshops, with the purpose of promoting scholarship and conversation in the area of rhetorical theory. Additionally, WSRS aims to provide professional mentoring and support among rhetoric & composition students and support new instructors in the teaching of rhetoric & composition courses.
n=Wayne State Running Club
e=fw2823@wayne.edu
d=Not every student wishes to join a Division II sports program because they're unable to meet the time commitment that it demands-but with WRUN, that won't be a problem. Join your fellow students in a team effort to stay in shape or attain greater heights in your fitness endeavors. Schedules are coordinated so that if you want to go out running, or for a workout in the Rec, you'll never have to be alone.
n=Wayne State Speech-Language Hearing Association Undergraduate Chapter
e=wsslha.ug.pb@gmail.com
d=This is an undergraduate student organization for those interested in becoming speech-language pathologists, audiologists, as well as those who are interested in the field.
n=Wayne State Student Urban Planners
e=ashleydreyer93@gmail.com
d=We are the student organization for the Master's of Urban Planning program. Our mission is to engage with the city and the processes that animate it through community service and creating professional connections. We believe students are uniquely positioned to create positive outcomes in the community.
n=Wayne State University Book Club
e=wsustudentorgs@gmail.com
d=As an organization, we plan on creating an inclusive environment, with our primary focus being books. As such, we hope that we are able to show our love for books, its many genres, implications and great prowess in attributing knowledge. We plan on doing so by not only fostering discussion, but also by providing recommendations and spreading more information about books. Not only will we promote a thorough understanding of the overarching themes and ideas present in the literary works we read, but the very books we read will be an escape from reality, into a wondrous world created by the author and the readers mind. We hope to create a culture of book readers on campus who will share their love of literature!
n=Wayne State University Ceramics Guild
e=jessikaedgar@wayne.edu
d=
n=Wayne State University Chapter of American Institute of Professional Geologists
e=geoscienceclub@wayne.edu
d=The American Institute of Professional Geologists (AIPG or the Institute) was founded in 1963 to promote the profession of geology and to provide certification for geologists as a vehicle for establishing a standard of excellence for the profession. The primary purpose of AIPG, to strengthen the geological science as a profession, remains undiminished. AIPG remains dedicated to communicating to the public and to its representatives the importance to society of the profession of geology. The Institute promotes ethical conduct and seeks to protect the public and the geological sciences from unprofessional practice. Student Chapters are intended to provide an opportunity to become known to Members in the local professional community.
n=Wayne State University Circle K International
e=go0537@wayne.edu
d=Circle K International is the world's largest collegiate student-led non-profit organization. It is built upon three pillars: service, leadership, and fellowship. Circle K strives to engage and empower individuals to make a change in their community and leave a significant impact on the world. As a WSU CKI Chapter, we work closely with activist organizations and efforts within Detroit to combat blight, illiteracy, hunger and homelessness.
n=Wayne State University College Democrats
e=wsudems@wayne.edu
d=The Wayne State University College Democrats advocate for democratic and progressive causes on campus and in our community. We work to elect candidates that hold these values while networking for internship and job opportunities.
n=Wayne State University Detroit Diabetes Association
e=waynestatedda@gmail.com
d=The Detroit Diabetic Association is passionate about helping low-income people who struggle with diabetes. It is an everyday problem for people dealing with diabetic issues to have a nutritional diet that works with their budget. We plan to help them by promoting cost-effective healthier diets. We will promote this by runnings fundraisers by Wayne State students to bring in profit and fund to those in need. In essence, we hope this organization will have a longterm positive effect on people who lack a diabetic-diet based lifestyle. Our organization also volunteers on and around campus in order to help give back to the Detroit community. To join and be added to our contacts list for emails and updates, please fill out this google form: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeXWywyTy4btXAHhanc1JikPzqUotKaBk5yWvQ-YDFLMoPajg/viewform?usp=sf_link
n=Wayne State University Emerge
e=gg4818@wayne.edu
d=Wayne State Emerge allows for anyone interested in emergency medicine to learn and discuss all aspects of frontline healthcare. This includes: first aid, procedures done at a hospital or in the field, various current events, common medical emergencies, sociological aspects involving healthcare workers, patient populations, and interactions between the two, and the legality behind emergency medicine.
n=Wayne State University Farmers Market
e=eb3703@wayne.edu
d=Promote healthy living on the Wayne State University's main campus and local communities by providing a comprehensive farmer's market experience that includes a vast array of fruit and vegetable vending, healthy lunch options, and healthy living programs. 22 Weeks Long 1st Wednesday of June thru the last Wednesday of October  10:00 am - 3:00 pm are market days Location Corner of Woodward and Warren Transportation Available Q-Line Bus Shuttle stops Free 15 Minute parking for market patrons First come first serve! Accepts Incentive Programs Student advantage Faculty/staff advantage Senior advantage EBT/SNAP Double Up Food Bucks Weekly Activities Cooking demos Yoga And much more Vendors Fruit and veggie vendors Multiple food trucks each week Local niche vendors  
n=Wayne State University Football
e=ck3671@wayne.edu
d=Excel on the field, achieves in the classroom, is a positive impact on the university, fellow students and the surrounding community. We wear our great green and gold with pride and dignity and never leave a warrior behind. One army one mission strive for Greatness.
n=Wayne State University Foreign Policy Council
e=gv9731@wayne.edu
d=The Wayne State University Foreign Policy Council is a student organization based on shared interest in global affairs and world events. This council is rooted in a common belief that education and action go hand-in-hand; this group truly thinks globally and acts locally. The WSU Foreign Policy Council gladly welcomes students from all disciplines, values diversity, and bridges knowledge and activism with respect to global affairs.  
n=Wayne State University Global Supply Chain Management Association
e=fy9551@wayne.edu
d=To enhance the undergraduate and MBA experience by providing opportunities to be involved in community 77924, networking, and to gain exposure to the global supply chain industry.
n=Wayne State University Graduate School
e=cavinsha@wayne.edu
d=Wayne State University Graduate School provides leadership in advancing academic excellence in graduate and postdoctoral education and cultivates a supportive environment for research, scholarly activities and other creative endeavors that are integral to the success of a diverse body of master's and doctoral students, postdoctoral scholars, and graduate faculty across programs.
n=Wayne State University HIGH Program
e=wsuhighprogram@wayne.edu
d=https://youtu.be/2l0wNaJOOXY
n=Wayne State University Law School
e=lawcommunications@wayne.edu
d=At Wayne State University Law School, we're passionate about the law's historical, theoretical and constitutional foundations. And we're as committed about what the law means for an individual or a corporation as we are for a nation. For more than 90 years, Wayne Law graduates have learned how to apply their knowledge to enhance quality of life, no matter the zip code, whether an individual is starting a new business or in need of expert legal advocacy. Wayne Law proudly calls Detroit home, and every day, our students and faculty participate in the reinvention of this great American city. At a time of transformative growth, there's never been more momentum on campus and in the city.
n=Wayne State University Model United Nations
e=thewsumun@gmail.com
d=A Model UN operates in a similar fashion to the real United Nations. We will; address global concerns (i.e. climate change, COVID-19, and regional/territorial disputes), address humanitarian concerns, and participate in crisis meetings that involve entities such as the United Nations Security Council. Members will gain knowledge in crafting resolutions as well as familiarizing themselves with the terminology and processes that take place on the international stage. We will also engage with Model UN clubs at other colleges and universities, our members will be able to make connections, and friendships, across institutions.
n=Wayne State University NOBCChE Chapter
e=nobcche@wayne.edu
d=NOBCChE is a non-profit professional organization dedicated to assisting black and other minority students and professionals in fully realizing their potential in academic, professional, and entrepreneurial pursuits in chemistry, chemical engineering, and allied fields. We are affillated to the National organization and invite you to browse our their website(http://www.nobcche.org), engage with us on social media, talk to our members, attend our annual conference and discover the NOBCChE spirit for yourself.
n=Wayne State University PAA Class of 2022
e=hc1302@wayne.edu
d=
n=Wayne State University PAS Class of 2022
e=fk4118@wayne.edu
d=
n=Wayne State University Planetarium
e=outreachphysics@gmail.com
d=
n=Wayne State University Pre-Med and Mentoring
e=go4702@wayne.edu
d=Wayne State is a very diverse and intelligent student body. Many Wayne State students are STEM majors and have dreams of attending graduate school and one day becoming a future leader. WSUPM is geared for these individuals, whether they dream of becoming a biologist, doctor or chemist, etc. WSUPM will provide guest speakers in a variety of fields, workshops that for example may help a student create an MCAT study schedule. WSUPM will also help students understand the importance and become involved in the research. WSUPM will help our members become involved in volunteer work and giving back to the community. WSUPM will also be an organization that values the role of mentoring younger students and individuals on campus and helping Freshmen and Sophomores become a custom to the rigor of a Pre-Med or Pre-Health student. 
n=Wayne State University Pre-SOMA
e=waynestateuniv.presoma@gmail.com
d=As WSU's first Osteopathic organization, our goal is to provide students with opportunities to learn more about osteopathic medicine through various volunteering events, educational events, and possible shadowing opportunities - in addition to networking with the National Student Osteopathic Medical Association. Students will be able to learn more about this diverse practice while strengthening their application to osteopathic medical school! We hope to foster a community between students interested in the practice and offer guidance on the pathway to osteopathic medical school
n=Wayne State University Press
e=eh3495@wayne.edu
d=Wayne State University Press is a distinctive urban publisher committed to supporting its parent institution’s core research, teaching, and service mission by generating high quality scholarly and general interest works of global importance. Through its publishing program, the Press disseminates research, advances education, and serves the local community while expanding the international reputation of the Press and the University.
n=Wayne State University Prevention Team
e=60w.hancockwsup@gmail.com
d=Located on campus, the Wayne State University Prevention Team (W'SUP) provides FREE HIV testing and counseling, referral services, and safer sex materials to Wayne State's campus community and Metro-Detroit youth. We offer group-level sexual health interventions for young Black women and men ages 13-29 as well as individual interventions for LGBTQ+ young men.
n=Wayne State University Psychology Clinic
e=psychclinic@wayne.edy
d=The Psychology Clinic at Wayne State University provides first-rate and affordable psychological services including psychological assessment and psychotherapy. Our mission is to train Ph.D. students in the most advanced psychological techniques and conduct research on the origins, assessment, and treatment of psychological problems.
n=Wayne State University School of Medicine American Physician Scientist Association
e=gt1778@wayne.edu
d=The goal of the WSUSOM-APSA is to encourage, educate and promote medical students to become physician-scientists. It will exist to provide students who are interested in pursuing a career in medicine and research with a platform to meet mentors, opportunities to network on a local and national level, and encourage research endeavors to further their goals and enhance their identity as a developing physician-scientist. Furthermore, we hope to change the way research is perceived within medicine and educate students on how they can bring the mindset of a physician-scientist to enrich their practice of medicine and public service.
n=Wayne State University Student Veterans Organization
e=studentvetsorg@wayne.edu
d=The Student Veterans Organization is dedicated to supporting and promoting the personal growth and academic success of all student veterans, their families and alumni. We strive to provide a safe environment of camaraderie and cooperation across the campus to promote the general interests and to create awareness of the challenges facing all veterans nationwide. We honor those who have sacrificed for our country by providing resources, training and assistance. We hope to improve our community through continued volunteerism and civics projects aimed at utilizing the values obtained through military service by our veterans scholars.
n=Wayne State University Students Demand Action
e=WSUStudentsDemand@gmail.com
d=Firearms are the leading cause of death for young people - we've grown up in the midst of the gun violence crisis, and we are demanding action. That’s why we’re rising up and organizing in our school & community to call on our leaders to pass laws which will keep our communities safe. Students Demand Action for Gun Sense in America is a national initiative, created by and for young adults, to channel the energy and passion of students into the fight against gun violence. Students Demand Action volunteers work within our schools and communities to educate our peers, register voters and demand common-sense solutions to this national crisis. Together with Everytown for Gun Safety and Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America, Students Demand Action volunteers are part of a network of nearly 6 million supporters across the nation committed to gun violence prevention. For more information about Students Demand Action, check out https://studentsdemandaction.org! 
n=Wayne State University Virtual Research Club
e=gq1221@wayne.edu
d=WSU Virtual Research is an organization created by pre health students to remain involved and continue to build up their resume during the COVID 19 pandemic. It has become difficult to participate in labs and clinical research due to the limitations and precautions placed in order to protect individuals, therefore WSU Virtual Research plans to provide an online interactive experience that can connect students and provide helpful knowledge for a future in their prospective career.
n=Wayne State University Young Democratic Socialists of America
e=waynestateydsa@gmail.com
d=Young Democratic Socialists of America is the college & youth section of the Democratic Socialists of America. DSA is the largest socialist and labor-oriented nonprofit organization in the United States, with almost 100,000 members. We are seeking to improve the lives of working people of all backgrounds through grassroots campaigns and electoral measures.   An affiliate of the Metro Detroit chapter of DSA, our chapter is one of hundreds across the nation on college campuses, made up of thousands of activists. We are students organizing in our universities, colleges, and high schools to fight for the immediate needs of workers and students while building our capacity to fight for more radical and structural changes.   We work with labor campaigns to organize student workers and staff. We organize to defend immigrants through campaigns for sanctuary campuses. We campaign to divest our schools from fossil fuels. We do anti-poverty work through local mutual aid programs in our communities, and much much more. YDSA fights for democratic socialism through active campaigns to improve the lives of working people.   Here at Wayne State, we have helped pass the LGBT Student Life resolution, and also work with the Coalition of Unions on campus. We are also engaged in political education, and help with DSA electoral work. For example, we worked with Rashida Tlaib, a member of DSA, to get her re-elected to Congress.   If you are looking to make positive changes to the lives of students and staff here at Wayne State, as well as looking for other leftists to organize with, then we are the organization for you!
n=Wayne State University's Chapter of the Student Academy of Audiology
e=wsu.saa1@gmail.com
d=The Student Academy of Audiology (SAA) is the national student organization of the American Academy of Audiology. The Wayne State University SAA serves as a collective voice for students and advances the rights, interests, and welfare of students pursuing careers in audiology. The SAA introduces students to lifelong involvement in activities that promote and advance the profession of audiology and provides services, information, education, representation, and advocacy for the profession and the public we serve.
n=Wayne TCG
e=fv0702@wayne.edu
d=We welcome anyone that enjoys any TCGs! MTG, Yu-Gi-Oh, Cardfight! Vanguard, etc. If you want to bring in a card game, but aren't sure if other people will play it, bring an extra deck, everyone is willing to learn how to play a new game. Due to good ole Covid we have mostly been playing using simulators and if we do meet up safety guidelines are in full affect.   Feel free to join our Discord server, https://discord.gg/FVqSnF3
n=Wayne Women in Business
e=waynewib@wayne.edu
d=Wayne Women in Business is dedicated to providing women with business and entrepreneurial ambitions the necessary resources to thrive in their chosen career path. We strive to bring success to our members by offering opportunities that encourage personal and professional development. Our mission is provide our members with opportunities to network, interact with professional mentors, and provide potential career opportunities. Through our events and resources, we ensure all WiB members will leave the Mike Ilitch School of Business confident in their skillset and capabilities.   Interested in joining? Fill out this form to become an official member:  https://forms.gle/LEMDEW6411d6FAqFA
n=WayneRides
e=
d=WayneRides is Wayne State University’s one-stop shop for all things transportation and mobility in and around Detroit. We’re here to make getting around as simple and accessible as possible for WSU students, faculty, staff and neighbors. Contact your Transportation Ambassador at transit@wayne.edu or at 313 577 4509 to get involved or with any questions you may have!
n=WayneStateSwimClub
e=gh7689@wayne.edu
d=The Wayne State Swim Club is a casual and fun club for anyone who enjoys swimming. The club practices are held once a week. The practices hold a wild range of variety of workouts, but also allow for you to adjust the workouts to best fit YOU. Regardless of if you are a beginner or advanced, you are welcome to join! The purpose of Wayne State Swim Club is to simply give the students at Wayne State an opportunity to stay healthy and make friends while doing something they enjoy. 
n=Wellness Warriors
e=susan.sattelmeier@wayne.edu
d=
n=Wishmakers on Campus at Wayne State University
e=fv9312@wayne.edu
d=Wishmakers on Campus at WSU is derived from the world renowned "Make-A-Wish" Foundation. As a fundraising organization, it allows individuals from diverse backgrounds to collaborate and apply their array of business and communication skills in order to achieve the wishes of critically ill children. When a wish is granted, it has both physical and emotional benefits that can administer strength to a child in the fight against critical illness. By instilling creativity, advertising compassion, and implementing altruism, we are both unified and dedicated to positively impacting families and their loved ones. 
n=Women in Health Care
e=womeninhc_wsu@wayne.edu
d=
n=Women That Manifest
e=Womenthatmanifest@gmail.com
d=Women That Manifest is a club, open to all women, that focuses on manifesting what us as women, want to accomplish with life in school and out. Being a double minority in this world makes it hard for black women to accomplish what they want strongly based off of lack of confidence from the negative perception thrown upon us. The club will be involved with different community events to volunteer in and out of Detroit, workshops and most importantly being a safe space for women to be who they want to be and manifest who they want to be. 
n=World Health Student Organization - School of Medicine
e=gt6868@wayne.edu
d=World Health Student Organization (WHSO) is a student-run organization whose central goal is to provide public health-based services to underserved populations both globally and locally. WHSO is best known for its international mission trips which annually send about seventy students to countries such as Haiti, Nicaragua, and Panama. Our mission is to provide support in clinics and the local communities by identifying the needs of those communities and working to fulfill them through sustainability projects, education, and research. Trip participants also acquire an understanding of healthcare systems of developing countries and gain experience in clinical settings with diseases that are rarely found in the United States. WHSO also aims to increase the community interest in global health through educational seminars and informational guest speakers.
n=World Health Student Organization – EACPHS
e=waynestatewhso@gmail.com
d=WHSO-EACPHS is comprised of pharmacy students whose mission is to gain diverse medical and cultural experiences outside their immediate communities. It is the organization
n=WSU AIGA Student Chapter
e=gh9755@wayne.edu
d=As a member of of the AIGA student chapter, you will gain access to leadership training and skills through local chapter boards, connect directly with professional designers—both locally and nationally, and gain first hand experience and exposure by volunteering at the annual AIGA Design Conference. You will also network with other graphic design students as WSU to create a tighter knit community among those majoring in design at WSU, plan and go to events such as portfolio reviews, participate in local chapter workshops and competitions, and stand out in the crowd and get more exposure for your work.
n=WSU American Chemical Society-Student Affiliates
e=wsuacs@wayne.edu
d=The WSU American Chemical Society-Student Affiliates, or WSU ACS-SA, is the Chemistry Club here at Wayne State University. As part of the American Chemical Society, our chapter, originally established in 1943, aims to offer opportunities like symposiums, mixers, and professional networking, as well as various events in the field of chemistry. We are also highly involved in volunteering and chemistry outreach, and aspire to strengthen interactions among students who enjoy chemistry. If you are interested in joining the WSU ACS-SA, we encourage you to contact us at wsuacs@wayne.edu.
n=WSU American Physician Scientist Association Undergraduate Chapter
e=gi7180@wayne.edu
d=
n=WSU ARMY Reserve Officer Training Course
e=ga6759@wayne.edu
d=Students in the ROTC program are educated on the in's and out's of the Military, Leadership skills, and Tactics. This is an organization to get you started on the path to becoming a future Army Officer in the Unites States Army. Separate yourself from the rest; Join ROTC!
n=WSU Cyber Defense Club
e=mac-rufus.umeokolo@wayne.edu
d=A student organization founded to help any and all students learn about Cyber Defense Principles and to compete in the National Collegiate Cyber Defense Competition (NCCDC) nationalccdc.org.
n=WSU Debate & Speech Team
e=seflory97@gmail.com
d=Beginning in 1918, the Wayne State forensics program has produced hundreds of team and individual debate and speech champions. Debate and speech team activities provide students with rigorous training and opportunities to sharpen speaking and critical thinking skills. This is not a club. Instead, it's a traveling competitive team that is similar to a sports team. We travel across the country to compete against other universities.
n=WSU Dungeons and Dragons
e=gn5261@wayne.edu
d=WSU D&D provides an environment for community members to share availability, coordinate campaign groups, learn the rules to D&D and how to optimize play. Members will challenge their problem solving, communication, conflict management, and rudimentary math skills in this engaging social environment.
n=WSU FAWN: Fighting AIDS With Nutrition
e=Frankjulian5@gmail.com
d=
n=WSU Fleece and Thank You
e=WSUFleeceAndThankYou@gmail.com
d=The goal of WSU Fleece and Thank You is to give students an opportunity to be involved in the organization Fleece and Thank You, by putting on blanket making and fundraising events here on campus. 
n=WSU Health Occupations Students of America
e=waynestatehosa@gmail.com
d=Wayne State University HOSA - Future Health Professionals (ΓHP) is a local collegiate chapter of HOSA - Future Health Professionals. HOSA seeks to empower future health professionals to become leaders in the health community and aims to enhance the delivery of compassionate, quality healthcare by providing opportunities for knowledge, skill, and leadership development of all health science education students, therefore, helping the student meet the needs of the healthcare community. HOSA aims to develop leadership and technical skill competencies through a program of motivation, awareness, and recognition, which is an integral part of the Health Science Education instructional program. Wayne State University HOSA additionally focuses on interacting with the community by hosting health events and volunteering. 
n=WSU It's On Us
e=ft7920@wayne.edu
d="It's On Us" is a social movement created by Barack Obama and White House Council on Women and Girls to raise awareness and fight against sexual assault on college campuses for both men and women. On the WSU Campus, we are working to become knowledgeable in the challenges surrounding sexual assault on campus, create preventional and educational tools, and provide a safe space for survivors of all ages, genders, and sexualities to share their experiences.
n=WSU Math Society
e=wsumathsociety@wayne.edu
d=The WSU Math Society is open to Wayne State students, graduate and undergraduate and across all majors, who have an interest in mathematics, want to have fun learning and applying it in unique ways, and who want to give back to the community. We're involved in promoting and hosting different events in the math department, volunteering to help students in the greater Detroit area, and providing mathematics students with opportunities to become more engaged in the field, such as being involved in research. The Wayne State University Math Society is an organization that works to: unite those interested in mathematics at WSU , engage the campus community in activities related to mathematics, foster an environment where math students and professionals can come together to discuss common interests and make connections, promote research opportunities and provide a platform on which students can kick-start their own research, increase awareness of the variety of potential applications and the importance of mathematics at WSU and the surrounding community, and provide volunteering opportunities for members to get involved helping students in the greater Detroit area. To infinity and beyond !
n=WSU Mindfulness and Meditation Community
e=rskruman@wayne.edu
d=The work of this organization will be the implementation of the Koru Mindfulness and Meditation curriculum to teach mindfulness skills and meditation practices. The Koru program consists of four 75-minute sessions, held once a week for four weeks.  The classes are free to all members of the WSU community, and participants receive access to the Koru meditation app. 
n=WSU Natya
e=wsunatya@gmail.com
d=WSU Natya is a club that strives to bring members together based on their shared passion for Indian classical dances such as Bharatanatyam, Kathak, and Kuchipudi. Through interactive virtual dance workshops and informative session, members will be exposed to the rich diversity of dances and will be able to learn these dances from experienced dancers. There will be a variety of events that will allow all the members to collectively perform the learned choreography and experience the Indian Dance Culture! 
n=WSU Physical Therapy Class of 2021
e=amanda.blok@wayne.edu
d=
n=WSU Pre-Physical Therapy
e=gg6905@wayne.edu
d=Provide basic information and resources to better understand what it takes to be a Pre-Physical therapy student.
n=WSU Rotaract
e=Waynestaterotaract@wayne.edu
d=WSU Rotaract is a local and international service organization focused on the key areas of leadership, service, friendship, and professional development. Rotaract brings together both undergraduate and graduate students (ages 18-30) and operates under the leadership and guidance of the Detroit Rotary Club.
n=WSU Ski Club
e=Wayneskiclub@gmail.com
d=WSU ski/snowboard club is a student organization that consists of members who are interested in skiing and snowboarding. Members will meet regularly to plan trips to Mt. Holly to ski or snowboard on Friday evenings. All levels of experience are welcome!
n=WSU TRIO-EOC DREAM TEAM: Determined, Resourceful, Enabled, Adaptable, Motivated, Together, Everyone, Achieves, More.
e=WSUDreamTeam2020@gmail.com
d=The DREAM TEAM Mission:  Wayne State University’s TRIO-EOC DREAM TEAM, takes pride in knowing that we are the liaison between student/participants' desired post-secondary institutions, and their academic and personal success. Our sole purpose is to provide support in academic success and life goals; companionship and encouragement during the tough times; peer motivation and mentoring, and most importantly, solidarity and the freedom to DREAM.   The DREAM TEAM Vision:  We intend to fulfill our mission by encompassing and supporting any student who seeks DREAM TEAM membership and services. Ensuring that we provide: monthly Mastermind Success Meetings and support groups; financial stability through the sharing of  current resource and scholarship information; a helping hand through peer academic tutoring and mentoring; opportunities to give back through community service; and personal life balance through outreach, fellowship, and social activities.  
n=WSUSOM Cardiology Interest Group
e=fw9529@wayne.edu
d=The goal of this chapter is to provide medical students at the Wayne State University School of Medicine the opportunity to learn more about the field of cardiology, and cardiovascular medicine as a whole, by way of monthly meetings and panels designed to engage students with professionals in an interactive way. Additionally, this group helps to introduce medical students to cardiovascular physicians currently working at medical facilities throughout Detroit. Our group is also dedicated to connecting members with research and shadowing opportunities with professionals associated with the School of Medicine and beyond. We welcome any students to participate in our programs or want to help grow our organization.
n=Yemeni Student Association
e=ga8650@wayne.edu
d=The Yemeni Student Association was instituted to serve as a resource hub for Yemeni students attending Wayne State University. The resource hub consists of Wayne State, Yemeni, Alumni and upperclassman. Their expertise and experience will help guide current students in accomplishing their respective goals. Through distinct social and cultural events, Wayne State students will be given the opportunity to experience the uniquely engaging aspects of the Yemeni culture.
n=Young Traders of WSU
e=gv5815@wayne.edu
d=Young Traders of WSU aims to create a community in which students can learn about the market and trading strategies from each other no matter the skill level. The opportunities the market can provide often go unseen, and participating in trading alone can often be stressful. However, with a supportive community of traders that provide feedback, information, and support, many weaknesses can be conquered. As such, YTwsu will provide the ability for live discourse during market hours, chart bots, educational resources, and discussion opportunities.
n=Zakat Wayne State
e=gw1755@wayne.edu
d=Here at Zakat Foundation our goal is to help those in need. Unfortunately there are many struggling without any aid and relief. With this organization, we aim to bring some ease. We believe each human deserves basic human necessities. We plan on providing this assistance by hosting events, raising donations, and spreading awareness. These events will include insightful discussions, outing that bring the community together, and hosting fundraisers we mainly want to focus on bringing reassurance, support and encouragement to our muslim community.
